src/services/commercial-solar-installations.md, before:

---
title: Commercial Solar Installations
snippet: Slash business electricity costs with commercial solar
description: Commercial solar installations across Greater Manchester. Cut £700-£10,000+ monthly bills to zero with 3-4 year payback. Factories, retail, hospitality, and commercial properties.
icon: /assets/icons/commercial-solar.svg
order: 3
root: true
location_pages: true
gallery_tags: [commercial]
---

# Commercial Solar Installations in Greater Manchester

If your business is spending hundreds or thousands each month on electricity, commercial solar can cut those costs substantially - often to near zero. We design and install systems that deliver payback in as little as three years, with 20+ years of low-cost energy afterward. Whether you run a factory, retail outlet, hotel, cafe, or bakery, we'll create a tailored [solar and battery solution](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) that makes financial sense.

## Why commercial properties benefit more than domestic

Commercial electricity prices have soared in recent years, and businesses have been hit harder than domestic customers. We recently spoke to a [Prestwich](/services/commercial-solar-installations/prestwich/) baker spending £10,000 monthly on electricity who nearly went under because of it. Another client, a carpet warehouse in [Bolton](/services/commercial-solar-installations/bolton/), spends £700 each month. Our 50-panel flat roof design brings that to zero with a three-year payback. After that, it's 20+ years of free electricity and protection from future price rises.

The mathematics work well for commercial properties because businesses use electricity during the day when solar generation is at its peak. Unlike domestic properties where most consumption happens in the evening (requiring [battery storage](/services/home-battery-installations/) to maximise savings), commercial properties consume energy as it's generated. This means you're using nearly every kilowatt-hour your panels produce, which significantly improves the return on investment.

## Real examples from Our commercial clients

We're currently working with a carpet and interior design warehouse that owns their building in Bolton. They've got a massive flat roof and were spending £700 monthly on electricity. Our design includes two options: 50+ panels covering just the flat roof, which reduces their bills to zero with three-year payback, or a larger 115-panel system covering both the flat roof and the pitched roof sections. Even with the bigger installation, payback is still only four years. After that point, they're looking at decades of free energy while selling excess back to the grid through the Smart Export Guarantee.

We've also installed ground-mounted [solar panel systems](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) connected to outdoor fuse boards for businesses wanting to offer free [EV charging](/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/) to staff. This eliminates ongoing fuel costs, provides a valuable employee benefit, and demonstrates environmental commitment - all powered entirely by solar with no recurring expenses.

## Why flat roofs work well for commercial solar

Flat roofs give us flexibility that pitched roofs don't. We can mount panels to point south regardless of the building's orientation, which is why retail units, warehouses, and commercial properties with large flat roofs generate substantial energy throughout the day. Many commercial buildings have large flat roof spaces going unused - we can turn those into assets that produce savings for decades.

Pitched roofs still work well, particularly on factories, hotels (Premier Inns are a good example), or larger commercial buildings. These properties often have extensive roof space that's suitable for solar panel arrays that reduce operating costs. The key is ownership - you need to own the building rather than leasing it, and ideally you're planning to keep the property long-term to maximise your return from the installation.

Ground-mounted systems are another option if you have spare land, grass verges, or outdoor space. These work particularly well for powering EV charging points for staff vehicles or supplementing rooftop installations when you need more generation capacity than the roof alone can provide.

## Which businesses see strong returns

Factories and manufacturing facilities benefit significantly because heavy machinery and production equipment mean high electricity consumption. The more you're spending now, the faster your payback period. Food businesses like bakeries, cafes, and restaurants running commercial kitchens and refrigeration are particularly well-suited - the Prestwich baker we mentioned spending £10,000 monthly could eliminate most of that cost with a properly sized commercial solar installation.

Retail and hospitality businesses including hotels, shops, and commercial properties with large roofs see strong returns. Cold storage facilities and temperature-controlled warehousing have substantial electricity requirements that make solar installations very profitable. Really, any high-consumption business benefits - the more you're currently spending, the faster the payback and the larger the long-term savings.

## Off-grid commercial solar

For businesses in rural locations or where grid connection is prohibitively expensive, we can design and install off-grid solar systems. These work well for mobile catering businesses (eliminating the need for diesel generators), remote offices, or agricultural operations. This approach eliminates ongoing generator fuel costs while positioning your business as environmentally conscious. We've successfully delivered several off-grid installations and can design systems sized to your specific power requirements.

## How the installation process works

We start by assessing your property and reviewing your electricity usage to understand your consumption patterns. From there, we create detailed designs showing projected energy generation, cost savings, and payback period based on your actual usage data. Most commercial clients get multiple design options - perhaps flat roof only, pitched roof only, or a combined approach - with detailed financial analysis for each.

All installations are completed with minimal disruption to your business operations. We coordinate timing to suit your needs and ensure work is finished efficiently. After installation, we handle all the grid connection requirements, provide necessary [electrical certifications](/services/electrical-testing/), and set up Smart Export Guarantee arrangements so you can earn income from excess electricity generation. Our [MCS certification](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) ensures every installation meets the highest standards.

## Financial benefits and payback

From the moment your system is commissioned, you'll see significantly reduced electricity bills. Most commercial installations reduce monthly costs by 70-100%, with payback typically within 3-4 years. This is considerably faster than domestic installations because commercial properties consume electricity during peak solar generation hours, making better use of every kilowatt-hour produced.

With an expected system life of 20+ years, you're looking at substantial electricity cost savings over time. Commercial properties with installed solar systems are also more attractive to buyers and tenants, particularly as environmental considerations become more important to business stakeholders and customers.

## What you need to qualify

The main requirement is that you must own the building - solar installations on leased or rented properties don't work because you need long-term ownership to realise the payback. You'll also need sufficient roof space or land (south-facing pitched roofs, flat roofs of any orientation, or available ground space all work). High electricity consumption gives better returns, and you should be planning to own the property long-term to maximise the financial benefits.

## Coverage across Greater Manchester

Based in Prestwich, we serve businesses throughout Greater Manchester and the wider North West. We've completed commercial installations in {% serviceAreaLinks page %} and surrounding areas.

## Why work with us

As an [MCS-certified](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) installer and [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/), we provide honest advice about whether solar makes financial sense for your specific business. If the numbers don't work, we'll tell you - we'd rather give honest assessments than oversell systems that won't deliver the returns you need. Our comprehensive service covers everything from initial design through to commissioning and aftercare, with professional installations that minimise disruption and deliver the savings we promise.

**[Contact us today](/contact/) for a free commercial solar consultation and detailed financial analysis.**

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/commercial-solar-installations.md, after:

---
title: Commercial Solar Installations
snippet: Slash business electricity costs with commercial solar
description: Commercial solar installations across Greater Manchester. Cut £700-£10,000+ monthly bills to zero with 3-4 year payback. Factories, retail, hospitality, and commercial properties.
icon: /assets/icons/commercial-solar.svg
order: 3
root: true
location_pages: true
gallery_tags: [commercial]
---

# Commercial Solar Installations in Greater Manchester

If your business is spending hundreds or thousands each month on electricity, commercial solar can cut those costs substantially - often to near zero. We design and install systems that deliver payback in as little as three years, with 20+ years of low-cost energy afterward. Whether you run a factory, retail outlet, hotel, cafe, or bakery, we'll create a tailored [solar and battery solution](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) that makes financial sense.

## Why commercial properties benefit more than domestic

Commercial electricity prices have soared in recent years, and businesses have been hit harder than domestic customers. We recently spoke to a [Prestwich](/services/commercial-solar-installations/prestwich/) baker spending £10,000 monthly on electricity who nearly went under because of it. Another client, a carpet warehouse in [Bolton](/services/commercial-solar-installations/bolton/), spends £700 each month. Our 50-panel flat roof design brings that to zero with a three-year payback. After that, it's 20+ years of free electricity and protection from future price rises.

The mathematics work well for commercial properties because businesses use electricity during the day when solar generation is at its peak. Unlike domestic properties where most consumption happens in the evening (requiring [battery storage](/services/home-battery-installations/) to maximise savings), commercial properties consume energy as it's generated. This means you're using nearly every kilowatt-hour your panels produce, which significantly improves the return on investment.

## Real examples from Our commercial clients

We're currently working with a carpet and interior design warehouse that owns their building in Bolton. They've got a massive flat roof and were spending £700 monthly on electricity. Our design includes two options: 50+ panels covering just the flat roof, which reduces their bills to zero with three-year payback, or a larger 115-panel system covering both the flat roof and the pitched roof sections. Even with the bigger installation, payback is still only four years. After that point, they're looking at decades of free energy while selling excess back to the grid through the Smart Export Guarantee.

We've also installed ground-mounted [solar panel systems](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) connected to outdoor fuse boards for businesses wanting to offer free [EV charging](/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/) to staff. This eliminates ongoing fuel costs, provides a valuable employee benefit, and demonstrates environmental commitment - all powered entirely by solar with no recurring expenses.

## Why flat roofs work well for commercial solar

Flat roofs give us flexibility that pitched roofs don't. We can mount panels to point south regardless of the building's orientation, which is why retail units, warehouses, and commercial properties with large flat roofs generate substantial energy throughout the day. Many commercial buildings have large flat roof spaces going unused - we can turn those into assets that produce savings for decades.

Pitched roofs still work well, particularly on factories, hotels (Premier Inns are a good example), or larger commercial buildings. These properties often have extensive roof space that's suitable for solar panel arrays that reduce operating costs. The key is ownership - you need to own the building rather than leasing it, and ideally you're planning to keep the property long-term to maximise your return from the installation.

Ground-mounted systems are another option if you have spare land, grass verges, or outdoor space. These work particularly well for powering EV charging points for staff vehicles or supplementing rooftop installations when you need more generation capacity than the roof alone can provide.

## Which businesses see strong returns

Factories and manufacturing facilities benefit significantly because heavy machinery and production equipment mean high electricity consumption. The more you're spending now, the faster your payback period. Food businesses like bakeries, cafes, and restaurants running commercial kitchens and refrigeration are particularly well-suited - the Prestwich baker we mentioned spending £10,000 monthly could eliminate most of that cost with a properly sized commercial solar installation.

Retail and hospitality businesses including hotels, shops, and commercial properties with large roofs see strong returns. Cold storage facilities and temperature-controlled warehousing have substantial electricity requirements that make solar installations very profitable. Really, any high-consumption business benefits - the more you're currently spending, the faster the payback and the larger the long-term savings.

## Off-grid commercial solar

For businesses in rural locations or where grid connection is prohibitively expensive, we can design and install off-grid solar systems. These work well for mobile catering businesses (eliminating the need for diesel generators), remote offices, or agricultural operations. This approach eliminates ongoing generator fuel costs while positioning your business as environmentally conscious. We've successfully delivered several off-grid installations and can design systems sized to your specific power requirements.

## How the installation process works

When you contact us, a qualified electrician assesses your property and reviews your electricity usage - not a salesperson working from a script. We understand the technical requirements and can give you honest advice about what will actually work for your business. From there, we create detailed designs showing projected energy generation, cost savings, and payback period based on your actual usage data. Most commercial clients get multiple design options - perhaps flat roof only, pitched roof only, or a combined approach - with detailed financial analysis for each.

All installations are completed with minimal disruption to your business operations. We coordinate timing to suit your needs and ensure work is finished efficiently. After installation, we handle all the grid connection requirements, provide necessary [electrical certifications](/services/electrical-testing/), and set up Smart Export Guarantee arrangements so you can earn income from excess electricity generation. Our [MCS certification](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) ensures every installation meets the highest standards.

## Financial benefits and payback

From the moment your system is commissioned, you'll see significantly reduced electricity bills. Most commercial installations reduce monthly costs by 70-100%, with payback typically within 3-4 years. This is considerably faster than domestic installations because commercial properties consume electricity during peak solar generation hours, making better use of every kilowatt-hour produced.

With an expected system life of 20+ years, you're looking at substantial electricity cost savings over time. Commercial properties with installed solar systems are also more attractive to buyers and tenants, particularly as environmental considerations become more important to business stakeholders and customers.

## What you need to qualify

The main requirement is that you must own the building - solar installations on leased or rented properties don't work because you need long-term ownership to realise the payback. You'll also need sufficient roof space or land (south-facing pitched roofs, flat roofs of any orientation, or available ground space all work). High electricity consumption gives better returns, and you should be planning to own the property long-term to maximise the financial benefits.

## Coverage across Greater Manchester

Based in Prestwich, we serve businesses throughout Greater Manchester and the wider North West. We've completed commercial installations in {% serviceAreaLinks page %} and surrounding areas.

## Why work with us

As an [MCS-certified](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) installer and [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/), we provide honest advice about whether solar makes financial sense for your specific business. If the numbers don't work, we'll tell you - we'd rather give honest assessments than oversell systems that won't deliver the returns you need. Our comprehensive service covers everything from initial design through to commissioning and aftercare, with professional installations that minimise disruption and deliver the savings we promise.

**[Contact us today](/contact/) for a free commercial solar consultation and detailed financial analysis.**
