src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations
snippet: Electric vehicle chargers for homes and businesses
description: Professional EV charger installations by a certified installer in North Manchester. Includes relocation services and integration with solar panels and home batteries.
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
location_pages: true
order: 5
root: true
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

# Electric Vehicle Charger Installations

We install, maintain and relocate EV chargers for homes and businesses across the North West. As a [NAPIT-registered](/accreditations/napit/) installer and [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/), we'll sort everything from the initial survey to final testing and certification. Whether you're looking for a standalone charger or want it integrated with your [solar panels](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) and [home battery](/services/home-battery-installations/), we've got you covered.

## What Customers Say

Customers appreciate the clear advice, fair pricing and tidy workmanship. Here's what some recent EV charger customers have said:

> "Ashley fitted an EV charger for me and provided lots of brilliant advice prior to doing so, as I was clueless on the whole thing. His advice even allowed me to keep costs down and his prices were the best quotes I had, with nothing reduced on the quality of his work."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system. During the job he found an earthing fault from previous work - and fixed this small job at no extra cost."

> "Ashley was amazing! He removed my EV charger from my old house and came back and reinstalled at my new house... would highly recommend and wouldn't use anybody else now for any electrical work."

## Solar + EV Integration

If you've got solar panels or are thinking about getting them, we can set up your EV charger to work with the system. This means you can charge your car using excess solar energy, potentially bringing your charging costs down to near zero during sunny periods. We've experience with GivEnergy systems and can configure smart charging to match solar generation and time-of-use tariffs like Octopus Intelligent Go. By getting your EV charger integrated with your home energy system, you'll get significantly more value from both technologies and reduce your carbon footprint.

## Installation Process

The process is straightforward. We'll pop round to look at your property's electrical setup, discuss your requirements and recommend suitable options. You'll get a quote with no hidden costs. Installation is typically done in a day with minimal disruption. Afterward, we'll provide all necessary certification and show you how to use your new charging system. Our NAPIT registration means you'll receive proper electrical certification that may be required by your insurance or when selling your property. We apply the same professional approach as with our [electrical testing](/services/electrical-testing/) services.

## Charger Options

We supply and install various EV chargers depending on your needs. Standard 7kW units will fully charge most electric cars overnight. If you have three-phase power, we can install faster 22kW chargers. Both tethered (with attached cable) and untethered options are available. All our chargers are OZEV grant-approved and include smart features for app control and energy monitoring. We're not tied to a single manufacturer, which means we can recommend the best solution for your specific vehicle and circumstances.

## Financial Benefits

Installing an EV charger at home provides convenience and significant savings. Home charging is typically 30-60% cheaper than using public charging points. With a smart tariff like Octopus Go, you can charge overnight at rates well below standard electricity prices. If you integrate with solar panels, you can reduce charging costs substantially, especially during summer months. EV-ready homes are also becoming more desirable as more drivers switch to electric. Just like with our [battery installations](/services/home-battery-installations/), time-of-use tariffs can significantly cut your energy costs.

## Coverage Area

We serve the entire Greater Manchester area with our EV charger installation service. Being based in Prestwich, we know the local area well and can respond quickly to enquiries throughout North Manchester. We've got extensive experience installing chargers across the region and understand the mix of property types and electrical systems. We're proud to be a local [NAPIT-registered](/accreditations/napit/) installer serving the entire region.

Our reviews show we've successfully completed installations in M24, M25, and OL8 postcode areas, among others. The proximity of our base in Prestwich means we can offer quick response times for surveys and installations throughout Greater Manchester.

## Get Started

**To chat about EV charger options or book an installation, [contact us today](/contact/) for a free consultation and quote.**

We cover {% serviceAreaLinks page %} with dedicated local EV charger installation services.

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations
snippet: Electric vehicle chargers for homes and businesses
description: Professional EV charger installations by a certified installer in North Manchester. Includes relocation services and integration with solar panels and home batteries.
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
location_pages: true
order: 5
root: true
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

# Electric Vehicle Charger Installations

We install, maintain and relocate EV chargers for homes and businesses across the North West. As a [NAPIT-registered](/accreditations/napit/) installer and [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/), we'll sort everything from the initial survey to final testing and certification. Whether you're looking for a standalone charger or want it integrated with your [solar panels](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) and [home battery](/services/home-battery-installations/), we've got you covered.

## What Customers Say

Customers appreciate the clear advice, fair pricing and tidy workmanship. Here's what some recent EV charger customers have said:

> "Ashley fitted an EV charger for me and provided lots of brilliant advice prior to doing so, as I was clueless on the whole thing. His advice even allowed me to keep costs down and his prices were the best quotes I had, with nothing reduced on the quality of his work."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system. During the job he found an earthing fault from previous work - and fixed this small job at no extra cost."

> "Ashley was amazing! He removed my EV charger from my old house and came back and reinstalled at my new house... would highly recommend and wouldn't use anybody else now for any electrical work."

## Solar + EV Integration

If you've got solar panels or are thinking about getting them, we can set up your EV charger to work with the system. This means you can charge your car using excess solar energy, potentially bringing your charging costs down to near zero during sunny periods. We've experience with GivEnergy systems and can configure smart charging to match solar generation and time-of-use tariffs like Octopus Intelligent Go. By getting your EV charger integrated with your home energy system, you'll get significantly more value from both technologies and reduce your carbon footprint.

## Installation Process

The process is straightforward. A qualified electrician will visit to assess your property's electrical setup, discuss your requirements and recommend suitable options - you won't be visited by a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved. You'll get a quote with no hidden costs. Installation is typically done in a day with minimal disruption. Afterward, we'll provide all necessary certification and show you how to use your new charging system. Our NAPIT registration means you'll receive proper electrical certification that may be required by your insurance or when selling your property. We apply the same professional approach as with our [electrical testing](/services/electrical-testing/) services.

## Charger Options

We supply and install various EV chargers depending on your needs. Standard 7kW units will fully charge most electric cars overnight. If you have three-phase power, we can install faster 22kW chargers. Both tethered (with attached cable) and untethered options are available. All our chargers are OZEV grant-approved and include smart features for app control and energy monitoring. We're not tied to a single manufacturer, which means we can recommend the best solution for your specific vehicle and circumstances.

## Financial Benefits

Installing an EV charger at home provides convenience and significant savings. Home charging is typically 30-60% cheaper than using public charging points. With a smart tariff like Octopus Go, you can charge overnight at rates well below standard electricity prices. If you integrate with solar panels, you can reduce charging costs substantially, especially during summer months. EV-ready homes are also becoming more desirable as more drivers switch to electric. Just like with our [battery installations](/services/home-battery-installations/), time-of-use tariffs can significantly cut your energy costs.

## Coverage Area

We serve the entire Greater Manchester area with our EV charger installation service. Being based in Prestwich, we know the local area well and can respond quickly to enquiries throughout North Manchester. We've got extensive experience installing chargers across the region and understand the mix of property types and electrical systems. We're proud to be a local [NAPIT-registered](/accreditations/napit/) installer serving the entire region.

Our reviews show we've successfully completed installations in M24, M25, and OL8 postcode areas, among others. The proximity of our base in Prestwich means we can offer quick response times for surveys and installations throughout Greater Manchester.

## Get Started

**To chat about EV charger options or book an installation, [contact us today](/contact/) for a free consultation and quote.**

We cover {% serviceAreaLinks page %} with dedicated local EV charger installation services.
