src/services/home-battery-installations.md, before:

---
title: Home Battery Installations
snippet: Store cheap electricity and slash your energy bills year-round.
description: Professional home battery installations in Manchester. Store cheap off-peak electricity and use it when prices are high. Works with or without solar panels.
icon: /assets/icons/battery.svg
order: 2
root: true
gallery_tags:
  - battery
---

# Home Battery Installations in Manchester

Improve your home's energy efficiency with a professional battery storage system. Our home battery installations allow you to store cheap off-peak electricity and use it when prices are higher, delivering significant savings all year round - even without solar panels.

## How home batteries save you money

Off-peak electricity prices can be as little as **one third** the price of peak rates. Your battery automatically charges during cheap periods (typically overnight) and powers your home when electricity is expensive. This works well with smart tariffs like [Octopus Go](https://octopus.energy/tariffs/) and delivers significant savings even during winter when solar panels are less effective.

## Real customer results

One of our Prestwich customers with a **6kWh Solax battery system** told us:

> "During summer this new solar and battery system means our electricity bills are close to zero. In fact, in some months we sent enough electricity back to the grid that we ended up in credit with our supplier! In winter the days are shorter and so the panels don't generate enough to cover the whole day, but that's fine because we still save a tonne of money by charging the battery overnight."

## Battery systems we install

We work with quality manufacturers including:

- **Solax** - Reliable systems with good smart integration
- **AlphaESS** - Batteries with good performance and monitoring

Our battery systems range from 6kWh to larger capacities depending on your home's energy usage. During your free consultation, we'll assess your electricity bills and recommend a suitable battery size.

## Smart integration features

### Home automation compatibility

My battery systems can integrate with home automation platforms, allowing you to:

- Schedule charging during cheapest electricity periods
- Leave capacity for solar panel top-ups
- Monitor energy usage and savings in real-time

### EV charger integration

Battery systems can work alongside EV chargers, maximising the use of stored energy for both home and vehicle charging.

### Grid tie capability

Sell excess stored energy back to your electricity supplier. I provide all necessary documentation to set up export payments with suppliers like 100Green and others.

## Installation process

### 1. Free Survey & Consultation

I assess your property's electrical system and discuss your energy usage patterns to recommend the optimal battery solution.

### 2. Flexible Installation

Batteries can be installed in various locations - I've fitted systems next to driveways, in garages, and other suitable spaces with minimal disruption to your home.

### 3. Professional Commissioning

All installations are tested and commissioned to the highest safety standards with full electrical certification provided.

### 4. Smart Setup

I configure your system for optimal performance with your chosen tariff and any existing solar panels or planned future installations.

## What our customers say

**M43 Customer - Solar + Battery Storage:**

> "Ashley did an excellent job installing the solar panels on my roof, the batteries next to my driveway, and the ground-mounted solar setup in my garden. As someone who likes everything to be perfect, I can say he did it exactly how I would have done it (if I had the experience). I highly recommend him to anyone interested in installing solar panels and battery storage."

**M25 Customer - Complete Home Energy System:**

> "Since then Ashley has fitted solar panels and a battery, a doorbell, new light sockets, outdoor lighting & power, a bathroom extractor fan, removed old ariels, and probably more stuff I can't remember."

## Year-round performance

**Summer benefits:**

- Store excess solar energy for evening use
- Sell surplus back to the grid for additional income
- Near-zero electricity bills possible

**Winter benefits:**

- Charge overnight on cheap tariffs
- Use stored energy during expensive peak periods
- Significant savings even without solar generation

## Battery specifications & warranty

- **Capacity options:** From 6kWh to larger systems
- **Warranty:** All equipment comes with at least 5 years warranty
- **Maintenance:** 2 years routine maintenance included
- **Certification:** Full electrical certification provided
- **Smart features:** App control and energy monitoring included

## Can I add a battery to existing solar?

Yes. We regularly integrate battery systems with existing solar installations. Our experience with [DMEGC solar panels](/dmegc-solar-panel-installer-manchester/) and other quality brands ensures proper integration that significantly improves the performance of both systems.

## Planning & permissions

Most home battery installations don't require planning permission as they're typically installed as standalone units in suitable locations around your property. I handle all electrical regulations and provide necessary certifications.

## Financial benefits

- **Immediate savings:** Start saving from day one with smart tariff charging
- **Payback period:** Varies based on usage, but many customers see worthwhile returns within a few years
- **Property value:** Battery storage systems can increase your home's value and appeal
- **Future-proofing:** Ready for integration with solar panels or EV chargers when you're ready

## Coverage area

I serve the entire Greater Manchester area from my Prestwich base, with extensive experience in [Blackley](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/blackley/), [Middleton](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/middleton/), [Stockport](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/stockport/), [Altrincham](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/altrincham/), and throughout [Trafford](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/trafford/).

## Get started

Ready to reduce your electricity bills with a home battery system? We provide free consultations with honest advice about suitable solutions for your home and energy usage patterns.

**[Contact us today](/contact/) for your free home battery consultation and quote.**

Commit message:

feat(eleventy): add serviceAreaLinks shortcode to generate dynamic service area links
- Introduced a new shortcode 'serviceAreaLinks' in .eleventy.js that reads markdown files from a service area's directory to build a formatted list of linked service area pages.
- Updated multiple service markdown files to replace hard-coded area links with the new shortcode for maintainability and dynamic updates.
- This improves content consistency and reduces manual edits when service areas change.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/services/home-battery-installations.md, after:

---
title: Home Battery Installations
snippet: Store cheap electricity and slash your energy bills year-round.
description: Professional home battery installations in Manchester. Store cheap off-peak electricity and use it when prices are high. Works with or without solar panels.
icon: /assets/icons/battery.svg
order: 2
root: true
gallery_tags:
  - battery
---

# Home Battery Installations in Manchester

Improve your home's energy efficiency with a professional battery storage system. Our home battery installations allow you to store cheap off-peak electricity and use it when prices are higher, delivering significant savings all year round - even without solar panels.

## How home batteries save you money

Off-peak electricity prices can be as little as **one third** the price of peak rates. Your battery automatically charges during cheap periods (typically overnight) and powers your home when electricity is expensive. This works well with smart tariffs like [Octopus Go](https://octopus.energy/tariffs/) and delivers significant savings even during winter when solar panels are less effective.

## Real customer results

One of our Prestwich customers with a **6kWh Solax battery system** told us:

> "During summer this new solar and battery system means our electricity bills are close to zero. In fact, in some months we sent enough electricity back to the grid that we ended up in credit with our supplier! In winter the days are shorter and so the panels don't generate enough to cover the whole day, but that's fine because we still save a tonne of money by charging the battery overnight."

## Battery systems we install

We work with quality manufacturers including:

- **Solax** - Reliable systems with good smart integration
- **AlphaESS** - Batteries with good performance and monitoring

Our battery systems range from 6kWh to larger capacities depending on your home's energy usage. During your free consultation, we'll assess your electricity bills and recommend a suitable battery size.

## Smart integration features

### Home automation compatibility

My battery systems can integrate with home automation platforms, allowing you to:

- Schedule charging during cheapest electricity periods
- Leave capacity for solar panel top-ups
- Monitor energy usage and savings in real-time

### EV charger integration

Battery systems can work alongside EV chargers, maximising the use of stored energy for both home and vehicle charging.

### Grid tie capability

Sell excess stored energy back to your electricity supplier. I provide all necessary documentation to set up export payments with suppliers like 100Green and others.

## Installation process

### 1. Free Survey & Consultation

I assess your property's electrical system and discuss your energy usage patterns to recommend the optimal battery solution.

### 2. Flexible Installation

Batteries can be installed in various locations - I've fitted systems next to driveways, in garages, and other suitable spaces with minimal disruption to your home.

### 3. Professional Commissioning

All installations are tested and commissioned to the highest safety standards with full electrical certification provided.

### 4. Smart Setup

I configure your system for optimal performance with your chosen tariff and any existing solar panels or planned future installations.

## What our customers say

**M43 Customer - Solar + Battery Storage:**

> "Ashley did an excellent job installing the solar panels on my roof, the batteries next to my driveway, and the ground-mounted solar setup in my garden. As someone who likes everything to be perfect, I can say he did it exactly how I would have done it (if I had the experience). I highly recommend him to anyone interested in installing solar panels and battery storage."

**M25 Customer - Complete Home Energy System:**

> "Since then Ashley has fitted solar panels and a battery, a doorbell, new light sockets, outdoor lighting & power, a bathroom extractor fan, removed old ariels, and probably more stuff I can't remember."

## Year-round performance

**Summer benefits:**

- Store excess solar energy for evening use
- Sell surplus back to the grid for additional income
- Near-zero electricity bills possible

**Winter benefits:**

- Charge overnight on cheap tariffs
- Use stored energy during expensive peak periods
- Significant savings even without solar generation

## Battery specifications & warranty

- **Capacity options:** From 6kWh to larger systems
- **Warranty:** All equipment comes with at least 5 years warranty
- **Maintenance:** 2 years routine maintenance included
- **Certification:** Full electrical certification provided
- **Smart features:** App control and energy monitoring included

## Can I add a battery to existing solar?

Yes. We regularly integrate battery systems with existing solar installations. Our experience with [DMEGC solar panels](/dmegc-solar-panel-installer-manchester/) and other quality brands ensures proper integration that significantly improves the performance of both systems.

## Planning & permissions

Most home battery installations don't require planning permission as they're typically installed as standalone units in suitable locations around your property. I handle all electrical regulations and provide necessary certifications.

## Financial benefits

- **Immediate savings:** Start saving from day one with smart tariff charging
- **Payback period:** Varies based on usage, but many customers see worthwhile returns within a few years
- **Property value:** Battery storage systems can increase your home's value and appeal
- **Future-proofing:** Ready for integration with solar panels or EV chargers when you're ready

## Coverage area

I serve the entire Greater Manchester area from my Prestwich base. For dedicated area information, see our [solar and battery installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) service page.

## Get started

Ready to reduce your electricity bills with a home battery system? We provide free consultations with honest advice about suitable solutions for your home and energy usage patterns.

**[Contact us today](/contact/) for your free home battery consultation and quote.**
