src/services/solar-and-battery-installations.md, before:

---
title: Solar and Battery Installations
snippet: Save money on your bills and cut CO2 with a solar and battery combo.
description: We are regulated by MCS, NICEIC and HIES, ensuring every system we install is completed to the highest standard.
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
order: 1
location_pages: true
gallery_tags:
  - solar-panels
  - battery
---

# Solar and Battery Installations in Manchester

When it comes to solar and battery installations you need an electrician who combines technical expertise with attention to detail and outstanding customer service.

Renegade Solar is here to guide you through every step of your solar and battery installation journey.

Our commitment to providing honest advice, competitive pricing, and exceptional workmanship means you can rely on us to deliver a solar solution that maximises your energy independence while ensuring the highest safety standards.

With our proven track record of reliability and customer satisfaction, you can rest assured your solar installation is in capable hands.

## Design and Planning

<div class="center-right">
  <img src="/assets/photos/flat-solar-panels.jpg" alt="Flat solar panels on a roof in Manchester" eleventy:ignore />
</div>

From start to finish, you will have a personal design specialist going through the different types of installation: on roof, in roof, ground mounted or flat roof. While tailoring a design and quote to suit you, your home or property and your energy needs, every project is different but large or small will all get the same attention to detail.

## Installation

All installations are carried out courteously and professionally with the minimum possible disruption to you, your family or your business.

## Commissioning

Governed by the country's leading standards, your installation will be tested and commissioned with the very highest regard to safety and legislation.

## Aftercare

Always available to provide further assistance with your new installation with 2 years routine maintenance included in all our installations.

All equipment comes with at least a 5 year warranty and some panels come with warranty of up to 30 years. We use [DMEGC](/dmegc-solar-panel-installer-manchester/) and Trina Vertex panels, both of which offer excellent long-term warranties and performance.

<a class="btn primary-btn" href="/contact/">Contact Renegade Solar</a>

We cover [Altrincham](/solar-panel-installer-altrincham/), [Blackley](/solar-panel-installer-blackley/), [Bramhall](/solar-panel-installer-bramhall/), [Bury](/solar-panel-installer-bury/), [Failsworth](/solar-panel-installer-failsworth/), [Hyde](/solar-panel-installer-hyde/), [Marple](/solar-panel-installer-marple/), [Middleton](/solar-panel-installer-middleton/), [Prestwich](/solar-panel-installer-prestwich/), [Radcliffe](/solar-panel-installer-radcliffe/), [Rusholme](/solar-panel-installer-rusholme/), [Stockport](/solar-panel-installer-stockport/), [Trafford](/solar-panel-installer-trafford/), and [Whitefield](/solar-panel-installer-whitefield/) with dedicated local solar installation services.

Commit message:

docs(content): update and clarify website service descriptions and copy
Improved wording and readability across multiple pages including about, home, commercial solar, EV charger installation, electrical safety, battery installations, and solar services. Changes focused on simplifying language, refining service explanations, enhancing customer-centric messaging, and fixing minor grammatical and stylistic issues to improve user understanding and engagement.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations.md, after:

---
title: Solar and Battery Installations
snippet: Save money on your bills and cut CO2 with a solar and battery combo.
description: We are regulated by MCS, NICEIC and HIES, ensuring every system we install is completed to the highest standard.
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
order: 1
location_pages: true
gallery_tags:
  - solar-panels
  - battery
---

# Solar and Battery Installations in Manchester

For solar and battery installations you need an electrician with technical expertise and attention to detail.

Renegade Solar guides you through every step of your solar and battery installation.

I provide honest advice, competitive pricing, and quality workmanship to deliver a solar solution that increases your energy independence while meeting safety standards.

With a track record of reliability and customer satisfaction, your solar installation is in capable hands.

## Design and Planning

<div class="center-right">
  <img src="/assets/photos/flat-solar-panels.jpg" alt="Flat solar panels on a roof in Manchester" eleventy:ignore />
</div>

From start to finish, you will have a personal design specialist going through the different types of installation: on roof, in roof, ground mounted or flat roof. While tailoring a design and quote to suit you, your home or property and your energy needs, every project is different but large or small will all get the same attention to detail.

## Installation

All installations are carried out professionally with minimal disruption to you, your family or your business.

## Commissioning

Your installation will be tested and commissioned to safety and regulatory standards.

## Aftercare

Available to provide assistance with your new installation. 2 years routine maintenance included in all installations.

All equipment comes with at least a 5 year warranty and some panels come with warranty of up to 30 years. We use [DMEGC](/dmegc-solar-panel-installer-manchester/) and Trina Vertex panels, both of which offer long-term warranties and good performance.

<a class="btn primary-btn" href="/contact/">Contact Renegade Solar</a>

We cover [Altrincham](/solar-panel-installer-altrincham/), [Blackley](/solar-panel-installer-blackley/), [Bramhall](/solar-panel-installer-bramhall/), [Bury](/solar-panel-installer-bury/), [Failsworth](/solar-panel-installer-failsworth/), [Hyde](/solar-panel-installer-hyde/), [Marple](/solar-panel-installer-marple/), [Middleton](/solar-panel-installer-middleton/), [Prestwich](/solar-panel-installer-prestwich/), [Radcliffe](/solar-panel-installer-radcliffe/), [Rusholme](/solar-panel-installer-rusholme/), [Stockport](/solar-panel-installer-stockport/), [Trafford](/solar-panel-installer-trafford/), and [Whitefield](/solar-panel-installer-whitefield/) with dedicated local solar installation services.
