src/services/commercial-solar-installations/prestwich.md, before:

---
title: Commercial Solar Installations in Prestwich | Renegade Solar
description: Commercial solar for Prestwich businesses. Local baker spending £10k/month nearly went under - we can help. 3-4 year payback, decades of savings.
redirect_from:
  - /commercial-solar-installations-prestwich/
link_title: Commercial Solar Installations
heading: Commercial Solar Installations in Prestwich
icon: /assets/icons/commercial-solar.svg
tags: [prestwich]
gallery_tags: [commercial]
---

# Commercial Solar for Prestwich Businesses

I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, based right here in Prestwich. I've seen firsthand how soaring electricity costs are hitting local businesses. I recently spoke to a Prestwich baker spending £10,000 monthly on electricity who nearly went under because of it. If your business is facing crippling energy bills, [commercial solar](/services/commercial-solar-installations/) could bring those costs down to near zero with payback in just 3-4 years.

The economics work particularly well for commercial properties because businesses consume electricity during the day when solar generation is at its peak. Unlike [domestic solar installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) where evening consumption requires [battery storage](/services/home-battery-installations/) to maximise savings, commercial properties use energy as it's generated. This means you're using nearly every kilowatt-hour your panels produce, which dramatically improves the return on investment.

## Prestwich businesses that benefit most

Bakeries and food businesses like the one we mentioned face massive electricity costs from commercial ovens, refrigeration, and equipment running throughout the day. Solar installations can slash those costs while future-proofing against further price rises. Retail outlets along Bury New Road and Prestwich Village with flat or pitched roofs are ideal candidates - shops with high daytime consumption see excellent returns from solar because they're using the electricity as it's generated.

Hotels and hospitality businesses running kitchens, heating, and guest facilities benefit from commercial solar's rapid payback. Prestwich has several hotels and B&Bs that would see strong returns from rooftop installations. Offices and warehouses with large flat roofs can mount solar panels pointing south regardless of building orientation, generating substantial daytime energy exactly when businesses need it most.

## Real example from nearby Bolton

I'm currently working with a carpet and interior design warehouse in Bolton spending £700 monthly on electricity. They own their building and have a massive flat roof. My design includes two options: 50+ panels covering just the flat roof brings their bills to zero with three-year payback, or a larger 115-panel system covering both flat and pitched roofs with four-year payback. After that, they're looking at 20+ years of free electricity while selling excess back to the grid through the Smart Export Guarantee.

## Why flat roofs work so well

Flat roofs give me flexibility that pitched roofs don't - I can mount panels to point south regardless of the building's orientation. Many Prestwich commercial properties have unused flat roof space that could be generating thousands in savings annually. Even properties with pitched roofs work well, particularly larger buildings with extensive roof areas that are currently generating zero value.

If you have spare land or outdoor space, ground-mounted solar is another option. I've installed ground-mounted systems for businesses wanting to offer free [EV charging](/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/) to staff, powered entirely by solar with no recurring electricity costs.

## Local service with honest advice

Being based in Prestwich means I understand local properties and can respond quickly to commercial enquiries. I provide free consultations with honest assessments - if solar doesn't make financial sense for your business, I'll tell you. As an [MCS-certified](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) installer and [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/), I ensure every installation meets the highest standards and delivers the savings I promise. I also handle all [electrical certifications](/services/electrical-testing/) and grid connection requirements.

The main requirement is that you must own the building rather than leasing it, and you'll need sufficient roof space or land. High electricity consumption gives better returns, and you should be planning to own the property long-term to maximise the financial benefits. If you meet these criteria and you're spending serious money on electricity each month, commercial solar deserves serious consideration.

**[Contact me today](/contact/) for a free commercial solar consultation.**

Commit message:

Refactor site copy from singular (I/my/me) to plural (we/our/us)
The team is now plural while Ashley remains hands-on with every job.
Changed first-person singular pronouns to plural across all 49
content files. Customer testimonials in blockquotes are preserved
unchanged. Rewrote biographical intros (e.g. "I'm Ashley") to use
team-oriented phrasing ("We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley").
Fixed grammar adjustments (am -> are, was -> were) for plural
subject-verb agreement.

https://claude.ai/code/session_011xrZsSmC2wjs2skbr6hQZm

src/services/commercial-solar-installations/prestwich.md, after:

---
title: Commercial Solar Installations in Prestwich | Renegade Solar
description: Commercial solar for Prestwich businesses. Local baker spending £10k/month nearly went under - we can help. 3-4 year payback, decades of savings.
redirect_from:
  - /commercial-solar-installations-prestwich/
link_title: Commercial Solar Installations
heading: Commercial Solar Installations in Prestwich
icon: /assets/icons/commercial-solar.svg
tags: [prestwich]
gallery_tags: [commercial]
---

# Commercial Solar for Prestwich Businesses

We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, based right here in Prestwich. We've seen firsthand how soaring electricity costs are hitting local businesses. We recently spoke to a Prestwich baker spending £10,000 monthly on electricity who nearly went under because of it. If your business is facing crippling energy bills, [commercial solar](/services/commercial-solar-installations/) could bring those costs down to near zero with payback in just 3-4 years.

The economics work particularly well for commercial properties because businesses consume electricity during the day when solar generation is at its peak. Unlike [domestic solar installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) where evening consumption requires [battery storage](/services/home-battery-installations/) to maximise savings, commercial properties use energy as it's generated. This means you're using nearly every kilowatt-hour your panels produce, which dramatically improves the return on investment.

## Prestwich businesses that benefit most

Bakeries and food businesses like the one we mentioned face massive electricity costs from commercial ovens, refrigeration, and equipment running throughout the day. Solar installations can slash those costs while future-proofing against further price rises. Retail outlets along Bury New Road and Prestwich Village with flat or pitched roofs are ideal candidates - shops with high daytime consumption see excellent returns from solar because they're using the electricity as it's generated.

Hotels and hospitality businesses running kitchens, heating, and guest facilities benefit from commercial solar's rapid payback. Prestwich has several hotels and B&Bs that would see strong returns from rooftop installations. Offices and warehouses with large flat roofs can mount solar panels pointing south regardless of building orientation, generating substantial daytime energy exactly when businesses need it most.

## Real example from nearby Bolton

We're currently working with a carpet and interior design warehouse in Bolton spending £700 monthly on electricity. They own their building and have a massive flat roof. Our design includes two options: 50+ panels covering just the flat roof brings their bills to zero with three-year payback, or a larger 115-panel system covering both flat and pitched roofs with four-year payback. After that, they're looking at 20+ years of free electricity while selling excess back to the grid through the Smart Export Guarantee.

## Why flat roofs work so well

Flat roofs give us flexibility that pitched roofs don't - we can mount panels to point south regardless of the building's orientation. Many Prestwich commercial properties have unused flat roof space that could be generating thousands in savings annually. Even properties with pitched roofs work well, particularly larger buildings with extensive roof areas that are currently generating zero value.

If you have spare land or outdoor space, ground-mounted solar is another option. We've installed ground-mounted systems for businesses wanting to offer free [EV charging](/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/) to staff, powered entirely by solar with no recurring electricity costs.

## Local service with honest advice

Being based in Prestwich means we understand local properties and can respond quickly to commercial enquiries. We provide free consultations with honest assessments - if solar doesn't make financial sense for your business, we'll tell you. As an [MCS-certified](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) installer and [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/), we ensure every installation meets the highest standards and delivers the savings we promise. We also handle all [electrical certifications](/services/electrical-testing/) and grid connection requirements.

The main requirement is that you must own the building rather than leasing it, and you'll need sufficient roof space or land. High electricity consumption gives better returns, and you should be planning to own the property long-term to maximise the financial benefits. If you meet these criteria and you're spending serious money on electricity each month, commercial solar deserves serious consideration.

**[Contact us today](/contact/) for a free commercial solar consultation.**
