src/pages/about.md, before:

---
link_title: About
title: About Me
description: About Ashley Merritt at Renegade Solar, electrician from Manchester
  specialising in solar panel and battery installations
order: 1
tags: top_link
permalink: /about/
layout: page.html
noindex: false
---

## About Renegade Solar

![Ashley Merritt, installing solar panels on a roof](/assets/photos/ashley-hat.jpg)

My name is Ashley Merritt, owner of Renegade Solar. Based in North Manchester, I have over 15 years' experience as an electrician, including 10 years in commercial projects.

In 2016, I worked in the Channel Islands on high-end mansions and apartments, providing electrical services for:

- Loft conversions
- Kitchens
- Extensions
- Domestic and commercial properties
- Industrial sites, including the Jersey Recycling Centre

After returning to Manchester, I established Renegade Electrical in 2018.

Like most people today, I am genuinely concerned about climate change. I understand the need for renewable solutions that suit everybody's needs - whether that's a commercial business trying to cut energy costs or a family trying to save money. At Renegade Solar, we have a solution for you.

I am continually amazed at how much power these modern solar panels can generate on a rooftop in the North of England. Together with battery storage, you will be amazed at how much money you can save!

**[Contact us](/contact/) for a quotation for solar panel installation.**

Commit message:

docs(content): update solar and battery installation content with panel details
- Added specific solar panel brands (DMEGC and Trina Vertex) to about page and services.
- Revised home battery installation page for clarity, brand updates, and consistent formatting.
- Enhanced descriptions of battery systems, integration, and financial benefits.
- Improved customer testimonial and installation process sections for better readability.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
link_title: About
title: About Me
description: About Ashley Merritt at Renegade Solar, electrician from Manchester
  specialising in solar panel and battery installations
order: 1
tags: top_link
permalink: /about/
layout: page.html
noindex: false
---

## About Renegade Solar

![Ashley Merritt, installing solar panels on a roof](/assets/photos/ashley-hat.jpg)

My name is Ashley Merritt, owner of Renegade Solar. Based in North Manchester, I have over 15 years' experience as an electrician, including 10 years in commercial projects.

In 2016, I worked in the Channel Islands on high-end mansions and apartments, providing electrical services for:

- Loft conversions
- Kitchens
- Extensions
- Domestic and commercial properties
- Industrial sites, including the Jersey Recycling Centre

After returning to Manchester, I established Renegade Electrical in 2018.

Like most people today, I am genuinely concerned about climate change. I understand the need for renewable solutions that suit everybody's needs - whether that's a commercial business trying to cut energy costs or a family trying to save money. At Renegade Solar, we have a solution for you.

I am continually amazed at how much power these modern solar panels can generate on a rooftop in the North of England. I use quality [DMEGC](/dmegc-solar-panel-installer-manchester/) and Trina Vertex panels that perform well even in our northern climate. Together with battery storage, you will be amazed at how much money you can save!

**[Contact us](/contact/) for a quotation for solar panel installation.**
