src/pages/index.md, before:

---
layout: home.html
title: Solar Panel & Battery Installations in North Manchester
description: Renegade Solar - Expert solar PV and battery storage installation with 9.96/10 Checkatrade rating across North Manchester
permalink: /
tags: top_link
link_title: Home
order: 0
---

# Local Solar Installation

With a **{{ reviews.averageRating | round: 2 }}/10 rating from 80+ verified reviews on Checkatrade**, I provide solar panel and battery storage installation across North Manchester. As an [MCS-certified](/accreditations/mcs-certified/), [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/), I install renewable energy systems that reduce energy bills and carbon emissions.

## Personal Service

Unlike national companies, I personally handle every aspect of your installation. From the initial free home survey through to system design and installation, you'll deal directly with me at every stage. I provide clear advice and aftercare to ensure your system works properly.

## Certified Installation

Every installation includes government-backed certifications: [MCS](/accreditations/mcs-certified/), [TrustMark](/accreditations/trustmark/) and [NAPIT](/accreditations/napit/). I use quality components with manufacturer warranties, and install monitoring technology so you can track your energy production. Work is neat and tidy, with guidance on getting the most from your system.

## Financial Benefits

Customers see reductions in electricity bills and protection from future energy price rises. You can earn income from excess electricity via the Smart Export Guarantee and increase your property's value. Solar panels also reduce your household's carbon footprint.

## Customer Reviews

Recent Checkatrade reviews:

> "Would recommend Ashley to anyone considering a new solar installation"

> "Ashley did an excellent job installing the solar panels on my roof, the batteries next to my driveway, and the ground-mounted solar setup in my garden [...] I highly recommend him to anyone interested in installing solar panels and battery storage."

## Get Started

Free consultation to discuss your options. I'll explain the systems available, answer your questions, and provide a proposal for your home. [Click here to get in touch.](/contact/)

_MCS Certified (NAP-66870) · TrustMark Registered · Octopus Energy Partner · 9.6/10 on Checkatrade_

Commit message:

docs(content): improve clarity and impact of website content
Updated website text across multiple pages to enhance clarity, emphasize significant savings, and improve marketing effectiveness. Changes include strengthening phrases about energy savings, return on investment, and the benefits of solar and battery installations, EV charger integration, and commercial solar solutions.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
layout: home.html
title: Solar Panel & Battery Installations in North Manchester
description: Renegade Solar - Expert solar PV and battery storage installation with 9.96/10 Checkatrade rating across North Manchester
permalink: /
tags: top_link
link_title: Home
order: 0
---

# Local Solar Installation

With a **{{ reviews.averageRating | round: 2 }}/10 rating from 80+ verified reviews on Checkatrade**, I provide solar panel and battery storage installation across North Manchester. As an [MCS-certified](/accreditations/mcs-certified/), [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/), I install renewable energy systems that can significantly reduce your energy bills and carbon emissions.

# Personal Service

Unlike national companies, I personally handle every aspect of your installation. From the initial free home survey through to system design and installation, you'll deal directly with me at every stage. I provide clear advice and aftercare to ensure your system performs well for years.

## Certified Installation

Every installation includes government-backed certifications: [MCS](/accreditations/mcs-certified/), [TrustMark](/accreditations/trustmark/) and [NAPIT](/accreditations/napit/). I use quality components with manufacturer warranties, and install monitoring technology so you can track your energy production. Work is neat and tidy, with guidance on getting the most from your system.

## Financial Benefits

Customers see significant reductions in electricity bills and protection from future energy price rises. You can earn income from excess electricity via the Smart Export Guarantee and increase your property's value. Solar panels also substantially reduce your household's carbon footprint.

## Customer Reviews

Recent Checkatrade reviews:

> "Would recommend Ashley to anyone considering a new solar installation"

> "Ashley did an excellent job installing the solar panels on my roof, the batteries next to my driveway, and the ground-mounted solar setup in my garden [...] I highly recommend him to anyone interested in installing solar panels and battery storage."

## Get Started

Free consultation to discuss your options. I'll explain the systems available, answer your questions, and provide a proposal for your home. [Click here to get in touch.](/contact/)

_MCS Certified (NAP-66870) · TrustMark Registered · Octopus Energy Partner · 9.6/10 on Checkatrade_
