src/services/electrical-safety-inspections-eicr/cheetham-hill.md, before:

---
title: EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Cheetham Hill | £150 Same Day Certificate
description: Professional EICR electrical inspections in Cheetham Hill. £150 all domestic properties, same day certificates. NAPIT registered, 20+ years experience.
link_title: EICR Inspection
heading: EICR Inspections in Cheetham Hill
icon: /assets/icons/check.svg
redirect_from:
  - /cheetham-hill-eicr-inspections/
tags: [cheetham-hill, eicr]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [57] - M9 customer Ash quick service
---

# EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Cheetham Hill

Need an EICR in Cheetham Hill? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, based in nearby Prestwich. It's £150 for any domestic property, same day certificate, no hidden extras. As a NAPIT-registered electrician with over 20 years' experience, I know exactly what to look for in Cheetham Hill's varied properties.

## £150 Fixed Price - No Surprises

Whether you've got a compact Victorian terrace or a modern apartment, it's £150. That includes everything – the inspection, certificate, and report. No travel charges, no VAT surprises, just £150.

## For Cheetham Hill Landlords

The [law requires](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2020/312/part/2/made) an EICR every five years and for each new tenancy. Penalties reach £30,000 for non-compliance. I'll get you sorted quickly – usually within a few days of calling.

You'll get the report within 28 days as required, but I actually provide it same day. If I find any C1 or C2 issues, I'll explain exactly what needs fixing and I'll provide fair quotes for the work.

## For Property Buyers

Getting an EICR before buying could save you thousands. Common issues in Cheetham Hill include outdated fuse boxes, dodgy DIY electrical work, and insufficient circuits for modern living. It's better to know before you buy than to discover a £3,000 rewiring job after you've moved in.

## Victorian Terraces to Modern Flats

Cheetham Hill's older properties often have mixed-era wiring, consumer units without RCD protection, and overloaded circuits. Even newer developments can have issues from rushed construction. I've seen it all, so I know exactly what to check.

If I find problems, I'll explain them clearly without scaremongering. Common fixes include consumer unit upgrades, additional RCD protection, and proper earthing. I handle all remedial work myself, so you won't need to find another electrician.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar?

I'm minutes away in Prestwich, so you'll get a quick response and no travel charges. My [9.9/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) speaks for itself. I explain everything in plain English, not electrical jargon. When you need quick service, I can often come out the same day – just like I did for a recent Blackley customer who needed urgent electrical repairs.

## Book Your EICR Today

Don't risk safety or legal problems. Get your EICR sorted by someone who knows Cheetham Hill properties – and who won't rip you off.

**£150 all-in for peace of mind. [Contact me today](/contact/) to book your Cheetham Hill EICR.**

Commit message:

Update EICR pricing to £150 plus VAT site wide (#24)

src/services/electrical-safety-inspections-eicr/cheetham-hill.md, after:

---
title: EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Cheetham Hill | £150 plus VAT Same Day Certificate
description: Professional EICR electrical inspections in Cheetham Hill. £150 plus VAT all domestic properties, same day certificates. NAPIT registered, 20+ years experience.
link_title: EICR Inspection
heading: EICR Inspections in Cheetham Hill
icon: /assets/icons/check.svg
redirect_from:
  - /cheetham-hill-eicr-inspections/
tags: [cheetham-hill, eicr]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [57] - M9 customer Ash quick service
---

# EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Cheetham Hill

Need an EICR in Cheetham Hill? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, based in nearby Prestwich. It's £150 plus VAT for any domestic property, same day certificate, no hidden extras. As a NAPIT-registered electrician with over 20 years' experience, I know exactly what to look for in Cheetham Hill's varied properties.

## £150 plus VAT Fixed Price - No Surprises

Whether you've got a compact Victorian terrace or a modern apartment, it's £150 plus VAT. That includes everything – the inspection, certificate, and report. No travel charges, no hidden extras, just £150 plus VAT.

## For Cheetham Hill Landlords

The [law requires](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2020/312/part/2/made) an EICR every five years and for each new tenancy. Penalties reach £30,000 for non-compliance. I'll get you sorted quickly – usually within a few days of calling.

You'll get the report within 28 days as required, but I actually provide it same day. If I find any C1 or C2 issues, I'll explain exactly what needs fixing and I'll provide fair quotes for the work.

## For Property Buyers

Getting an EICR before buying could save you thousands. Common issues in Cheetham Hill include outdated fuse boxes, dodgy DIY electrical work, and insufficient circuits for modern living. It's better to know before you buy than to discover a £3,000 rewiring job after you've moved in.

## Victorian Terraces to Modern Flats

Cheetham Hill's older properties often have mixed-era wiring, consumer units without RCD protection, and overloaded circuits. Even newer developments can have issues from rushed construction. I've seen it all, so I know exactly what to check.

If I find problems, I'll explain them clearly without scaremongering. Common fixes include consumer unit upgrades, additional RCD protection, and proper earthing. I handle all remedial work myself, so you won't need to find another electrician.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar?

I'm minutes away in Prestwich, so you'll get a quick response and no travel charges. My [9.9/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) speaks for itself. I explain everything in plain English, not electrical jargon. When you need quick service, I can often come out the same day – just like I did for a recent Blackley customer who needed urgent electrical repairs.

## Book Your EICR Today

Don't risk safety or legal problems. Get your EICR sorted by someone who knows Cheetham Hill properties – and who won't rip you off.

**£150 plus VAT all-in for peace of mind. [Contact me today](/contact/) to book your Cheetham Hill EICR.**
