src/services/electrical-safety-inspections-eicr/crumpsall.md, before:

---
title: EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Crumpsall | £150 Same Day Certificate
description: Professional EICR electrical inspections in Crumpsall. £150 all domestic properties, same day certificates. NAPIT registered, 20+ years experience.
link_title: EICR Inspection
heading: EICR Inspections in Crumpsall
icon: /assets/icons/check.svg
redirect_from:
  - /crumpsall-eicr-inspections/
tags: [crumpsall, eicr]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [60] - M9 customer fantastic work
---

# EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Crumpsall

Need an EICR in Crumpsall? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, just down the road in Prestwich. It's £150 flat rate, same day certificate, no hidden charges. NAPIT-registered with 20+ years' experience and a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/).

## £150 All-In - Guaranteed

Semi-detached, Victorian terrace, bungalow, or flat – it's £150. No VAT surprises, no travel charges, no "extras" discovered halfway through. Just £150 for complete peace of mind.

## Crumpsall Landlords - Stay Legal

[The law](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2020/312/contents/made) demands an EICR every five years – and penalties go up to £30,000. I'll have you compliant within days of calling.

Same-day certificates mean no waiting. If I find C1 or C2 issues, I'll explain them clearly and quote fairly for fixes. No scaremongering – just facts.

## Buying in Crumpsall?

Get an EICR before completing. Crumpsall's mix of post-war semis, Victorian terraces, and newer builds all have their quirks. It's better to find problems before purchase than after.

## I Know Crumpsall Properties

Post-war semis often have deteriorating wiring. Victorian terraces near the hospital have mixed-era electrics. Even new builds can have corners cut – and I've inspected them all.

If repairs are needed, I'll handle everything. Consumer unit upgrades, RCD protection, proper earthing – all at fair prices with no pressure.

## Why Choose Me?

Minutes away in Prestwich means quick response and no travel charges. My Checkatrade reviews tell the story – professional, honest, reliable. A recent Crumpsall customer called my work "absolutely fantastic" and said I was "very reliable and friendly" – that's the service you can expect.

## Get It Done Today

Don't risk fines, failed sales, or electrical dangers. Book your EICR with someone who knows Crumpsall – and who won't take advantage.

**£150 for complete electrical safety certification. [Contact me now](/contact/) to book your Crumpsall EICR.**

Commit message:

Update EICR pricing to £150 plus VAT site wide
https://claude.ai/code/session_0168RAgPuycFge7Nm9gWFtPp

src/services/electrical-safety-inspections-eicr/crumpsall.md, after:

---
title: EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Crumpsall | £150 plus VAT Same Day Certificate
description: Professional EICR electrical inspections in Crumpsall. £150 plus VAT all domestic properties, same day certificates. NAPIT registered, 20+ years experience.
link_title: EICR Inspection
heading: EICR Inspections in Crumpsall
icon: /assets/icons/check.svg
redirect_from:
  - /crumpsall-eicr-inspections/
tags: [crumpsall, eicr]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [60] - M9 customer fantastic work
---

# EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Crumpsall

Need an EICR in Crumpsall? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, just down the road in Prestwich. It's £150 plus VAT flat rate, same day certificate, no hidden charges. NAPIT-registered with 20+ years' experience and a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/).

## £150 plus VAT All-In - Guaranteed

Semi-detached, Victorian terrace, bungalow, or flat – it's £150 plus VAT. No travel charges, no "extras" discovered halfway through. Just £150 plus VAT for complete peace of mind.

## Crumpsall Landlords - Stay Legal

[The law](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2020/312/contents/made) demands an EICR every five years – and penalties go up to £30,000. I'll have you compliant within days of calling.

Same-day certificates mean no waiting. If I find C1 or C2 issues, I'll explain them clearly and quote fairly for fixes. No scaremongering – just facts.

## Buying in Crumpsall?

Get an EICR before completing. Crumpsall's mix of post-war semis, Victorian terraces, and newer builds all have their quirks. It's better to find problems before purchase than after.

## I Know Crumpsall Properties

Post-war semis often have deteriorating wiring. Victorian terraces near the hospital have mixed-era electrics. Even new builds can have corners cut – and I've inspected them all.

If repairs are needed, I'll handle everything. Consumer unit upgrades, RCD protection, proper earthing – all at fair prices with no pressure.

## Why Choose Me?

Minutes away in Prestwich means quick response and no travel charges. My Checkatrade reviews tell the story – professional, honest, reliable. A recent Crumpsall customer called my work "absolutely fantastic" and said I was "very reliable and friendly" – that's the service you can expect.

## Get It Done Today

Don't risk fines, failed sales, or electrical dangers. Book your EICR with someone who knows Crumpsall – and who won't take advantage.

**£150 plus VAT for complete electrical safety certification. [Contact me now](/contact/) to book your Crumpsall EICR.**
