src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/altrincham.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Altrincham | Renegade Solar
description: MCS-certified solar panel and battery installations in Altrincham by Renegade Solar - a local, trusted electrical engineer with outstanding customer reviews and full MCS certification.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-altrincham/
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Altrincham
tags: [altrincham]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

MCS-certified solar panel and battery installations throughout Altrincham. Our North Manchester-based company installs systems on all property types with personal oversight by Ashley Merritt. All installations qualify for Smart Export Guarantee payments.

## Solar Solutions for Altrincham Properties

We install solar panels on a wide range of Altrincham properties. From **Victorian and Edwardian homes in conservation areas** to **modern detached and semi-detached properties**, we've got you covered. Our experience extends to contemporary new-builds, converted apartments in historic buildings, and commercial properties too. We skillfully work with slate roofs on period homes and tile roofs on newer properties, maximising energy generation while complementing your home's architectural style.

## Solar Performance in Manchester's Climate

Don't let Manchester's rainy reputation fool you! Solar panels perform excellently in our local climate. Modern panels generate electricity from daylight, not just direct sunshine, and actually operate **more efficiently in our cooler temperatures**. That famous Manchester rain? It helps keep your panels clean for peak efficiency. You'll be surprised how much electricity your system generates, even during the winter months.

## Local Installer Advantages

Working with us means direct contact with Ashley throughout your entire project – no pushy salespeople or confusing quotes here! You'll enjoy **quick response times** for site visits and aftercare, backed by our deep understanding of Altrincham properties and planning considerations. We only use premium components with comprehensive warranties, and our **9.61/10 Checkatrade rating** from over 80 verified reviews speaks for itself.

## Battery Solutions

Our standalone battery systems are perfect for properties with specific needs. Whether you're in a conservation area with planning restrictions, an apartment with limited roof access, a home affected by shading, or simply concerned about aesthetics, we have solutions. These clever systems work with time-of-use tariffs, **charging during cheaper off-peak periods** and powering your home when electricity costs more.

## Areas Covered

We serve all Altrincham areas including Town Centre, Bowdon, Hale, Timperley, Broadheath, West Timperley, Navigation Road, Oldfield Brow, Sale, Hale Barns, and Dunham Massey.

## Get Started

[Contact us](/contact/) for a consultation about solar panels or battery storage for your Altrincham property. As MCS-certified installers ([NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), all installations qualify for Smart Export Guarantee payments.

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/altrincham.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Altrincham | Renegade Solar
description: MCS-certified solar panel and battery installations in Altrincham by Renegade Solar - a local, trusted electrical engineer with outstanding customer reviews and full MCS certification.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-altrincham/
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Altrincham
tags: [altrincham]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

MCS-certified solar panel and battery installations throughout Altrincham. Our North Manchester-based company installs systems on all property types with personal oversight by Ashley Merritt. All installations qualify for Smart Export Guarantee payments.

## Solar Solutions for Altrincham Properties

We install solar panels on a wide range of Altrincham properties. From **Victorian and Edwardian homes in conservation areas** to **modern detached and semi-detached properties**, we've got you covered. Our experience extends to contemporary new-builds, converted apartments in historic buildings, and commercial properties too. We skillfully work with slate roofs on period homes and tile roofs on newer properties, maximising energy generation while complementing your home's architectural style.

## Solar Performance in Manchester's Climate

Don't let Manchester's rainy reputation fool you! Solar panels perform excellently in our local climate. Modern panels generate electricity from daylight, not just direct sunshine, and actually operate **more efficiently in our cooler temperatures**. That famous Manchester rain? It helps keep your panels clean for peak efficiency. You'll be surprised how much electricity your system generates, even during the winter months.

## Local Installer Advantages

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician surveys your property and designs your system - not a salesperson. Ashley is your direct contact throughout your entire project, giving you honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved. You'll enjoy **quick response times** for site visits and aftercare, backed by our deep understanding of Altrincham properties and planning considerations. We only use premium components with comprehensive warranties, and our **9.61/10 Checkatrade rating** from over 80 verified reviews speaks for itself.

## Battery Solutions

Our standalone battery systems are perfect for properties with specific needs. Whether you're in a conservation area with planning restrictions, an apartment with limited roof access, a home affected by shading, or simply concerned about aesthetics, we have solutions. These clever systems work with time-of-use tariffs, **charging during cheaper off-peak periods** and powering your home when electricity costs more.

## Areas Covered

We serve all Altrincham areas including Town Centre, Bowdon, Hale, Timperley, Broadheath, West Timperley, Navigation Road, Oldfield Brow, Sale, Hale Barns, and Dunham Massey.

## Get Started

[Contact us](/contact/) for a consultation about solar panels or battery storage for your Altrincham property. As MCS-certified installers ([NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), all installations qualify for Smart Export Guarantee payments.
