src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/blackley.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Blackley | Renegade Solar
description: Local solar panel installations in Blackley with Renegade Solar. MCS certified specialists serving Prestwich, Blackley and North Manchester.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-blackley/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Blackley
tags: [blackley]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

As local solar energy experts based around the corner in Prestwich, we're proud to serve homeowners and businesses across Blackley with high-quality solar panel and battery installations.

Renegade Solar is a Mancunian company through and through - that's why we're chuffed to sponsor [Blackley Lions JFC Under 13s football club](https://www.facebook.com/p/Blackley-Lions-Jfc-100012519990378/)! Check out the shirt designs:

<div class="image-row" markdown="1">

![Blackley Lions JFC](/assets/photos/blackley-lions-1.jpg)
![Blackley Lions JFC](/assets/photos/blackley-lions-2.jpg)

</div>

## Why Blackley Homes Benefit From Solar Power

Many Blackley properties are ideal for [solar and battery installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) - both traditional terraced homes as well as more modern housing developments. Our team has plenty of experience working with:

- Victorian terraces with slate roofs
- Post-war semi-detached houses
- New-build developments with tile roofs
- Flat-roofed properties, eg commercial buildings

You might think that the constant Manchester rain means solar panels aren't viable, but the opposite is actually the case. Rain doesn't affect panel efficiency to any appreciable degree - it's all about the hours of sunshine, and in Manchester we get just as much of that as down south! And even better - the rain keeps the panels clean, removing dust and dirt build-up which blocks the sun's rays.

We've found most homes in the M9 and M25 postcode areas can achieve excellent energy savings, even with north-facing roofs. We'll help you plan your panels to ensure the maximum possible efficiency regardless of your roof's orientation.

And if you're just after a [battery installation](/services/home-battery-installations/), that's fine too - you can still save money on your electricity bills by storing electricity overnight when it's cheap and using it during the day. [Click here to search Octopus Energy's website for your Blackley postcode](https://octopus.energy/tariffs/) to learn about the difference between peak and off-peak prices - it can be as little as 1/3rd the price overnight!

## Local Installation Experience You Can Trust

Our local knowledge means we:

- Understand typical power usage patterns in Blackley homes
- Know how to work with the area's mix of older and modern electrical systems
- Can recommend ideal battery storage solutions based on your usage
- Are familiar with Manchester's planning requirements

## The Renegade Solar Difference in Blackley

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician surveys your property and designs your system - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

We're not just another solar company - we're your neighbours. Our Prestwich base means:

- Quick response times to Blackley
- No call-out charges for local consultations
- Personal aftercare from installers who know your area

## Testimonials from M9 postcode customers

Here are some reviews of Renegade from verified Blackley customers, taken from our [Checkatrade page](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical). (Note: Some of the reviews are for our other electrical services)

> "Very professional and efficient really helpful will definitely use for future electrical work"

> "Ash came out to fix the electric fire. Came out really fast. Changed a plug socket and fixed other issues with the fire. Really friendly and professional. Highly recommend."

> "Absolutely fantastic work carried out by Ashley. Very reliable and friendly, would highly recommend and definitely use again."

> "Ashley got in touch quickly and was patient when I wasn’t available to discuss the job initially. Talked it through, came and sized it up and completed the initial job and a few others within days. Would recommend highly and would definitely use again."

## Blackley Coverage Areas

We serve all parts of Blackley and surrounding towns, including:

- Higher Blackley
- Boothroyden
- Victoria Avenue
- Heaton Park / Middleton Road
- Charlestown
- Alkrington

## Start Your Solar Journey Today

As MCS-certified installers (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), Ashley personally oversees every aspect of your installation from initial survey to final commissioning.

Commit message:

Vary electrician vs salesperson messaging and remove unused redirects
- Diversify the "electrician not salesperson" messaging across all location
  pages so it doesn't sound templated. Each page now has unique phrasing.
- Integrate the messaging into existing paragraphs where appropriate rather
  than always as standalone paragraphs
- Remove redirect_from entries from new Hale/Hale Barns pages since they're
  new pages without old URLs to redirect

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/blackley.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Blackley | Renegade Solar
description: Local solar panel installations in Blackley with Renegade Solar. MCS certified specialists serving Prestwich, Blackley and North Manchester.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-blackley/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Blackley
tags: [blackley]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

As local solar energy experts based around the corner in Prestwich, we're proud to serve homeowners and businesses across Blackley with high-quality solar panel and battery installations.

Renegade Solar is a Mancunian company through and through - that's why we're chuffed to sponsor [Blackley Lions JFC Under 13s football club](https://www.facebook.com/p/Blackley-Lions-Jfc-100012519990378/)! Check out the shirt designs:

<div class="image-row" markdown="1">

![Blackley Lions JFC](/assets/photos/blackley-lions-1.jpg)
![Blackley Lions JFC](/assets/photos/blackley-lions-2.jpg)

</div>

## Why Blackley Homes Benefit From Solar Power

Many Blackley properties are ideal for [solar and battery installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) - both traditional terraced homes as well as more modern housing developments. Our team has plenty of experience working with:

- Victorian terraces with slate roofs
- Post-war semi-detached houses
- New-build developments with tile roofs
- Flat-roofed properties, eg commercial buildings

You might think that the constant Manchester rain means solar panels aren't viable, but the opposite is actually the case. Rain doesn't affect panel efficiency to any appreciable degree - it's all about the hours of sunshine, and in Manchester we get just as much of that as down south! And even better - the rain keeps the panels clean, removing dust and dirt build-up which blocks the sun's rays.

We've found most homes in the M9 and M25 postcode areas can achieve excellent energy savings, even with north-facing roofs. We'll help you plan your panels to ensure the maximum possible efficiency regardless of your roof's orientation.

And if you're just after a [battery installation](/services/home-battery-installations/), that's fine too - you can still save money on your electricity bills by storing electricity overnight when it's cheap and using it during the day. [Click here to search Octopus Energy's website for your Blackley postcode](https://octopus.energy/tariffs/) to learn about the difference between peak and off-peak prices - it can be as little as 1/3rd the price overnight!

## Local Installation Experience You Can Trust

Our local knowledge means we:

- Understand typical power usage patterns in Blackley homes
- Know how to work with the area's mix of older and modern electrical systems
- Can recommend ideal battery storage solutions based on your usage
- Are familiar with Manchester's planning requirements

## The Renegade Solar Difference in Blackley

You won't find commission-hungry sales reps here. When you get in touch, you're speaking directly to Ashley - a qualified electrician who can actually answer your technical questions and won't recommend something unsuitable just to hit targets.

We're not just another solar company - we're your neighbours. Our Prestwich base means:

- Quick response times to Blackley
- No call-out charges for local consultations
- Personal aftercare from installers who know your area

## Testimonials from M9 postcode customers

Here are some reviews of Renegade from verified Blackley customers, taken from our [Checkatrade page](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical). (Note: Some of the reviews are for our other electrical services)

> "Very professional and efficient really helpful will definitely use for future electrical work"

> "Ash came out to fix the electric fire. Came out really fast. Changed a plug socket and fixed other issues with the fire. Really friendly and professional. Highly recommend."

> "Absolutely fantastic work carried out by Ashley. Very reliable and friendly, would highly recommend and definitely use again."

> "Ashley got in touch quickly and was patient when I wasn’t available to discuss the job initially. Talked it through, came and sized it up and completed the initial job and a few others within days. Would recommend highly and would definitely use again."

## Blackley Coverage Areas

We serve all parts of Blackley and surrounding towns, including:

- Higher Blackley
- Boothroyden
- Victoria Avenue
- Heaton Park / Middleton Road
- Charlestown
- Alkrington

## Start Your Solar Journey Today

As MCS-certified installers (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), Ashley personally oversees every aspect of your installation from initial survey to final commissioning.
