src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/cheetham-hill.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Cheetham Hill from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-cheetham-hill/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [cheetham-hill]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [17] - M25 customer saved thousands on unnecessary rewire
---

# Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill

Looking for a solar panel installer in Cheetham Hill? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, based just down the road in Prestwich. With a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) and MCS certification (NAP-66870), we provide honest advice and quality installations that'll actually save you money.

## Why Cheetham Hill Residents Choose Renegade Solar

One Prestwich customer saved thousands when we gave them a second opinion: "Another electrician convinced us we needed a whole house rewire. After inspecting, Ashley let us know it was fully unnecessary and we just needed a new fuse board. He saved us thousands of pounds with that first visit."

That's the difference with Renegade Solar – we won't sell you something you don't need. With over 15 years' experience as an electrician, we'll give you straight advice about whether solar's right for your property.

## Solar Works Well in Cheetham Hill

Your Victorian terrace, semi-detached house, or modern property can all benefit from solar panels. Even with Manchester weather, you'll get excellent returns. Rain actually helps by keeping panels clean, and according to [Ofgem's latest data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid out last year through the Smart Export Guarantee.

As an MCS-certified installer, we ensure you qualify for these government payments. Without MCS certification, you can't access the [Smart Export Guarantee](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/environmental-and-social-schemes/smart-export-guarantee-seg), so this credential really matters.

## What Makes Renegade Solar Different

We're NAPIT-registered (66870) for electrical safety, an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, and a member of Green Economy's curated network of sustainable businesses. Ashley oversees everything from survey to commissioning, including all the paperwork for grid connection and Smart Export Guarantee applications. Being based in Prestwich, we're just minutes away from Cheetham Hill – and there's no travel charges added to your quote.

## Battery Storage Maximises Your Savings

Adding battery storage means you'll use solar power in the evening when everyone's home. You can also store cheap overnight electricity if you're on a time-of-use tariff. It's perfect for Cheetham Hill's family households who want to properly cut their energy bills.

## Ready to Cut Your Energy Bills?

With energy prices staying high, solar panels with battery storage offer real savings for Cheetham Hill residents. We'll give you honest advice about what'll work for your property – no pressure, no overselling.

**Get a straightforward quote from a local installer you can trust. [Contact us today](/contact/) to discuss solar for your Cheetham Hill property.**

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/cheetham-hill.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Cheetham Hill from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-cheetham-hill/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [cheetham-hill]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [17] - M25 customer saved thousands on unnecessary rewire
---

# Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill

Looking for a solar panel installer in Cheetham Hill? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, based just down the road in Prestwich. With a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) and MCS certification (NAP-66870), we provide honest advice and quality installations that'll actually save you money.

## Why Cheetham Hill Residents Choose Renegade Solar

One Prestwich customer saved thousands when we gave them a second opinion: "Another electrician convinced us we needed a whole house rewire. After inspecting, Ashley let us know it was fully unnecessary and we just needed a new fuse board. He saved us thousands of pounds with that first visit."

That's the difference with Renegade Solar – we won't sell you something you don't need. With over 15 years' experience as an electrician, we'll give you straight advice about whether solar's right for your property.

## Solar Works Well in Cheetham Hill

Your Victorian terrace, semi-detached house, or modern property can all benefit from solar panels. Even with Manchester weather, you'll get excellent returns. Rain actually helps by keeping panels clean, and according to [Ofgem's latest data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid out last year through the Smart Export Guarantee.

As an MCS-certified installer, we ensure you qualify for these government payments. Without MCS certification, you can't access the [Smart Export Guarantee](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/environmental-and-social-schemes/smart-export-guarantee-seg), so this credential really matters.

## What Makes Renegade Solar Different

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician surveys your property and designs your system - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

We're NAPIT-registered (66870) for electrical safety, an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, and a member of Green Economy's curated network of sustainable businesses. Ashley oversees everything from survey to commissioning, including all the paperwork for grid connection and Smart Export Guarantee applications. Being based in Prestwich, we're just minutes away from Cheetham Hill – and there's no travel charges added to your quote.

## Battery Storage Maximises Your Savings

Adding battery storage means you'll use solar power in the evening when everyone's home. You can also store cheap overnight electricity if you're on a time-of-use tariff. It's perfect for Cheetham Hill's family households who want to properly cut their energy bills.

## Ready to Cut Your Energy Bills?

With energy prices staying high, solar panels with battery storage offer real savings for Cheetham Hill residents. We'll give you honest advice about what'll work for your property – no pressure, no overselling.

**Get a straightforward quote from a local installer you can trust. [Contact us today](/contact/) to discuss solar for your Cheetham Hill property.**
