src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/crumpsall.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Crumpsall from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-crumpsall/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [crumpsall]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
# Review references from src/_data/reviews.json  
# Review at index [60] - M9 customer on perfect installation
# Review at index [17] - M25 customer saved thousands
---

# Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall

Looking for a solar installer in Crumpsall? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, based just down the road in Prestwich. With MCS certification (NAP-66870) and a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) from 80+ reviews, I provide honest advice and quality installations.

## Why Crumpsall Residents Trust Renegade Solar

One customer said: "Absolutely fantastic work carried out by Ashley. Very reliable and friendly, would highly recommend."

That's the level of care I bring to every Crumpsall installation. With over 15 years as an electrician, I won't oversell or push unnecessary extras. I'll tell you straight whether solar's right for your property.

## Perfect for Crumpsall Properties

Your semi-detached house, Victorian terrace near the hospital, or bungalow can all benefit from solar. Crumpsall gets the same sunshine hours as the rest of England – and rain actually helps by keeping panels clean.

Last year, the [Smart Export Guarantee](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/environmental-and-social-schemes/smart-export-guarantee-seg) paid out over £30 million to solar owners. As an MCS-certified installer, I'll ensure you qualify for these payments – without MCS certification, you can't access them.

## Honest Advice, Fair Prices

Here's what sets me apart: I saved one customer thousands by telling them they didn't need a full rewire, just a new fuse board. That's the honest approach I take with every customer.

I'm NAPIT-registered for safety and an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner. But more importantly, I'm local – just minutes from Crumpsall with no travel charges.

## Battery Storage Cuts Bills Further

Adding batteries lets you store solar power for evening use, or cheap overnight electricity for the day. It's perfect for Crumpsall's working families who want proper energy savings.

## Get Started Today

With energy costs staying high, solar offers real savings for Crumpsall residents. I'll handle everything from survey to grid connection paperwork.

**Get honest advice from a local installer. [Contact me](/contact/) for a straightforward quote on solar for your Crumpsall property.**

Commit message:

Refactor site copy from singular (I/my/me) to plural (we/our/us)
The team is now plural while Ashley remains hands-on with every job.
Changed first-person singular pronouns to plural across all 49
content files. Customer testimonials in blockquotes are preserved
unchanged. Rewrote biographical intros (e.g. "I'm Ashley") to use
team-oriented phrasing ("We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley").
Fixed grammar adjustments (am -> are, was -> were) for plural
subject-verb agreement.

https://claude.ai/code/session_011xrZsSmC2wjs2skbr6hQZm

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/crumpsall.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Crumpsall from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-crumpsall/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [crumpsall]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
# Review references from src/_data/reviews.json  
# Review at index [60] - M9 customer on perfect installation
# Review at index [17] - M25 customer saved thousands
---

# Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall

Looking for a solar installer in Crumpsall? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, based just down the road in Prestwich. With MCS certification (NAP-66870) and a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) from 80+ reviews, we provide honest advice and quality installations.

## Why Crumpsall Residents Trust Renegade Solar

One customer said: "Absolutely fantastic work carried out by Ashley. Very reliable and friendly, would highly recommend."

That's the level of care we bring to every Crumpsall installation. With over 15 years as an electrician, we won't oversell or push unnecessary extras. We'll tell you straight whether solar's right for your property.

## Perfect for Crumpsall Properties

Your semi-detached house, Victorian terrace near the hospital, or bungalow can all benefit from solar. Crumpsall gets the same sunshine hours as the rest of England – and rain actually helps by keeping panels clean.

Last year, the [Smart Export Guarantee](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/environmental-and-social-schemes/smart-export-guarantee-seg) paid out over £30 million to solar owners. As an MCS-certified installer, we'll ensure you qualify for these payments – without MCS certification, you can't access them.

## Honest Advice, Fair Prices

Here's what sets us apart: we saved one customer thousands by telling them they didn't need a full rewire, just a new fuse board. That's the honest approach we take with every customer.

We're NAPIT-registered for safety and an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner. But more importantly, we're local – just minutes from Crumpsall with no travel charges.

## Battery Storage Cuts Bills Further

Adding batteries lets you store solar power for evening use, or cheap overnight electricity for the day. It's perfect for Crumpsall's working families who want proper energy savings.

## Get Started Today

With energy costs staying high, solar offers real savings for Crumpsall residents. We'll handle everything from survey to grid connection paperwork.

**Get honest advice from a local installer. [Contact us](/contact/) for a straightforward quote on solar for your Crumpsall property.**
