src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/failsworth.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Failsworth | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Failsworth from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-failsworth/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Failsworth
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [failsworth]
gallery_tags: [failsworth]
---

Looking for a solar panel installer in Failsworth? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, operating across Greater Manchester from our base in Prestwich. With a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) and MCS certification, we handle solar installations on all types of properties.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar for Your Failsworth Property

We've completed installations throughout Failsworth on everything from traditional terraced houses to commercial flat-roofed buildings. The photos in our gallery show recent work in the area – proper installations with attention to detail, from scaffolding setup through to final commissioning.

As an MCS-certified installer (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), we ensure your system qualifies for the Smart Export Guarantee. Without MCS certification, you can't get paid for the electricity you export back to the grid – so this credential really matters.

## Solar Panels Work Well in Failsworth

Manchester weather doesn't stop solar panels generating electricity. In fact, rain keeps them clean by washing away dust and dirt that would otherwise reduce efficiency. Your panels will generate power all year round, with summer months covering most of your usage and winter still providing decent returns.

According to [Ofgem's latest data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid out last year through the Smart Export Guarantee scheme. That's real money going back to homeowners who've invested in solar.

## What Makes Renegade Solar Different

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician surveys your property and designs your system - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

We're NAPIT-registered (66870) for electrical safety and an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner. As a member of Green Economy's curated network, we're committed to sustainable installations that actually work properly. Ashley oversees everything from initial survey through to grid connection paperwork and Smart Export Guarantee applications.

Being based in Prestwich means we're just down the road from Failsworth – no travel charges, and if you ever need anything sorting, we're nearby.

## Battery Storage for Maximum Savings

Adding battery storage to your solar installation means you can use solar power in the evening when everyone's home and demand is highest. You can also charge your battery overnight on cheap electricity if you're on a time-of-use tariff, then use that stored power during expensive peak hours.

For Failsworth households wanting to properly cut their energy bills, battery storage is the sensible choice.

## Flat Roof Installations

Got a flat-roofed extension or commercial property? We've done plenty of flat roof solar installations in Failsworth using proper mounting systems that don't compromise your roof's waterproofing. These systems work brilliantly and often give you more flexibility with panel positioning than pitched roofs.

## Ready to Cut Your Energy Bills?

With energy prices staying high, solar panels offer genuine savings for Failsworth residents. We'll give you honest advice about what'll work for your property – no pressure, no overselling, just straightforward information.

[Get in touch](/contact/) today to discuss solar for your Failsworth property.

Commit message:

Vary electrician vs salesperson messaging and remove unused redirects
- Diversify the "electrician not salesperson" messaging across all location
  pages so it doesn't sound templated. Each page now has unique phrasing.
- Integrate the messaging into existing paragraphs where appropriate rather
  than always as standalone paragraphs
- Remove redirect_from entries from new Hale/Hale Barns pages since they're
  new pages without old URLs to redirect

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/failsworth.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Failsworth | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Failsworth from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-failsworth/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Failsworth
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [failsworth]
gallery_tags: [failsworth]
---

Looking for a solar panel installer in Failsworth? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, operating across Greater Manchester from our base in Prestwich. With a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) and MCS certification, we handle solar installations on all types of properties.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar for Your Failsworth Property

We've completed installations throughout Failsworth on everything from traditional terraced houses to commercial flat-roofed buildings. The photos in our gallery show recent work in the area – proper installations with attention to detail, from scaffolding setup through to final commissioning.

As an MCS-certified installer (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), we ensure your system qualifies for the Smart Export Guarantee. Without MCS certification, you can't get paid for the electricity you export back to the grid – so this credential really matters.

## Solar Panels Work Well in Failsworth

Manchester weather doesn't stop solar panels generating electricity. In fact, rain keeps them clean by washing away dust and dirt that would otherwise reduce efficiency. Your panels will generate power all year round, with summer months covering most of your usage and winter still providing decent returns.

According to [Ofgem's latest data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid out last year through the Smart Export Guarantee scheme. That's real money going back to homeowners who've invested in solar.

## What Makes Renegade Solar Different

We're NAPIT-registered (66870) for electrical safety and an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner. As a member of Green Economy's curated network, we're committed to sustainable installations that actually work properly. Ashley handles surveys himself - no salespeople, just honest advice from an electrician who's actually going to do the work. He oversees everything from initial survey through to grid connection paperwork and Smart Export Guarantee applications.

Being based in Prestwich means we're just down the road from Failsworth – no travel charges, and if you ever need anything sorting, we're nearby.

## Battery Storage for Maximum Savings

Adding battery storage to your solar installation means you can use solar power in the evening when everyone's home and demand is highest. You can also charge your battery overnight on cheap electricity if you're on a time-of-use tariff, then use that stored power during expensive peak hours.

For Failsworth households wanting to properly cut their energy bills, battery storage is the sensible choice.

## Flat Roof Installations

Got a flat-roofed extension or commercial property? We've done plenty of flat roof solar installations in Failsworth using proper mounting systems that don't compromise your roof's waterproofing. These systems work brilliantly and often give you more flexibility with panel positioning than pitched roofs.

## Ready to Cut Your Energy Bills?

With energy prices staying high, solar panels offer genuine savings for Failsworth residents. We'll give you honest advice about what'll work for your property – no pressure, no overselling, just straightforward information.

[Get in touch](/contact/) today to discuss solar for your Failsworth property.
