src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/hyde.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Hyde | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Hyde from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-hyde/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Hyde
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [hyde]
gallery_tags: [hyde]
---

Looking for a solar panel installer in Hyde? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, working across Greater Manchester and beyond. With a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) and MCS certification, we've completed installations across Hyde including work on new build developments.

## New Build Solar Specialists

Our gallery shows recent work on new build properties in Hyde – multiple houses fitted with solar panels and battery systems. New builds are ideal for solar because you can get everything right from day one: optimal panel positioning, integrated battery storage, and proper cable routing without needing to retrofit.

If you're buying or building a new property in Hyde, getting solar installed early means you'll benefit from lower energy bills right from move-in day.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar

As an MCS-certified installer (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), your system will qualify for the Smart Export Guarantee. Without MCS certification, you can't get paid for electricity you export back to the grid – so this really matters.

We're NAPIT-registered (66870) for electrical safety, an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, and part of Green Economy's curated network of sustainable businesses. Ashley oversees everything from initial survey through to grid connection and Smart Export Guarantee applications.

## Traditional Properties Too

Not in a new build? We've worked on all types of Hyde properties. Victorian terraces, semi-detached houses, modern renovations – whatever your property type, we'll give you honest advice about what solar setup will work best.

## Solar Works Well in Greater Manchester

Hyde gets the same weather as the rest of Greater Manchester, which is actually fine for solar. Rain keeps panels clean by washing away dust and dirt that would otherwise reduce efficiency. Your system generates electricity all year round – summer months cover most of your usage, winter still provides decent returns.

According to [Ofgem's latest data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid out last year through the Smart Export Guarantee scheme. That's real money going back to homeowners.

## Battery Storage Maximises Savings

Adding battery storage means you use solar power in the evening when everyone's home and electricity demand is highest. You can also charge your battery overnight on cheap electricity if you're on a time-of-use tariff, then use that stored power during expensive peak hours.

For Hyde households wanting to properly cut their energy bills, battery storage makes good sense. The new build properties we've worked on in Hyde all had battery systems installed, and those homeowners are seeing excellent savings.

## Coverage Across Hyde

We serve all parts of Hyde and the surrounding areas, including Gee Cross, Flowery Field, Newton, and Godley. Being willing to travel means Hyde residents get the same quality service and attention to detail as our Prestwich neighbours.

## Honest Advice, Quality Work

With over 15 years' experience as an electrician, we'll give you straight advice about whether solar's right for your property. No pressure, no overselling – just honest information about costs, returns, and what you can realistically expect.

One Prestwich customer put it well: "Another electrician convinced us we needed a whole house rewire. After inspecting, Ashley let us know it was fully unnecessary and we just needed a new fuse board. He saved us thousands of pounds with that first visit."

That's the approach we take with every job – tell you what you need, not what'll make the biggest invoice.

## Ready to Cut Your Energy Bills?

Solar panels with battery storage offer genuine savings for Hyde residents. We'll give you straightforward advice about what'll work for your property.

[Get in touch](/contact/) today to discuss solar for your Hyde property.

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/hyde.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Hyde | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Hyde from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-hyde/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Hyde
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [hyde]
gallery_tags: [hyde]
---

Looking for a solar panel installer in Hyde? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, working across Greater Manchester and beyond. With a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) and MCS certification, we've completed installations across Hyde including work on new build developments.

## New Build Solar Specialists

Our gallery shows recent work on new build properties in Hyde – multiple houses fitted with solar panels and battery systems. New builds are ideal for solar because you can get everything right from day one: optimal panel positioning, integrated battery storage, and proper cable routing without needing to retrofit.

If you're buying or building a new property in Hyde, getting solar installed early means you'll benefit from lower energy bills right from move-in day.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar

As an MCS-certified installer (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), your system will qualify for the Smart Export Guarantee. Without MCS certification, you can't get paid for electricity you export back to the grid – so this really matters.

We're NAPIT-registered (66870) for electrical safety, an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, and part of Green Economy's curated network of sustainable businesses. Ashley oversees everything from initial survey through to grid connection and Smart Export Guarantee applications.

## Traditional Properties Too

Not in a new build? We've worked on all types of Hyde properties. Victorian terraces, semi-detached houses, modern renovations – whatever your property type, we'll give you honest advice about what solar setup will work best.

## Solar Works Well in Greater Manchester

Hyde gets the same weather as the rest of Greater Manchester, which is actually fine for solar. Rain keeps panels clean by washing away dust and dirt that would otherwise reduce efficiency. Your system generates electricity all year round – summer months cover most of your usage, winter still provides decent returns.

According to [Ofgem's latest data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid out last year through the Smart Export Guarantee scheme. That's real money going back to homeowners.

## Battery Storage Maximises Savings

Adding battery storage means you use solar power in the evening when everyone's home and electricity demand is highest. You can also charge your battery overnight on cheap electricity if you're on a time-of-use tariff, then use that stored power during expensive peak hours.

For Hyde households wanting to properly cut their energy bills, battery storage makes good sense. The new build properties we've worked on in Hyde all had battery systems installed, and those homeowners are seeing excellent savings.

## Coverage Across Hyde

We serve all parts of Hyde and the surrounding areas, including Gee Cross, Flowery Field, Newton, and Godley. Being willing to travel means Hyde residents get the same quality service and attention to detail as our Prestwich neighbours.

## Honest Advice, Quality Work

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician surveys your property and designs your system - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

With over 15 years' experience, we'll give you straight advice about whether solar's right for your property. No pressure, no overselling – just honest information about costs, returns, and what you can realistically expect.

One Prestwich customer put it well: "Another electrician convinced us we needed a whole house rewire. After inspecting, Ashley let us know it was fully unnecessary and we just needed a new fuse board. He saved us thousands of pounds with that first visit."

That's the approach we take with every job – tell you what you need, not what'll make the biggest invoice.

## Ready to Cut Your Energy Bills?

Solar panels with battery storage offer genuine savings for Hyde residents. We'll give you straightforward advice about what'll work for your property.

[Get in touch](/contact/) today to discuss solar for your Hyde property.
