src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Marple | Renegade Solar
description: MCS-certified solar panel installations in Marple, Rose Hill, Hawk Green and Mellor. Local electrician with 15 years experience and 9.6/10 Checkatrade rating.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-marple/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Marple
tags: [marple]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

[Renegade Solar](/about/) provides [solar panel and battery installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) throughout Marple, including Rose Hill, Hawk Green, Marple Bridge, and Mellor. As an [MCS-certified installer](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) based in North Manchester, we work with homeowners across Marple looking to cut their energy bills.

We've fitted solar systems on all sorts of Marple properties - Victorian terraces along Stockport Road, the semis and detached houses on the side streets up towards Mellor, and the newer builds near Hawk Green. Each installation is handled personally by [Ashley Merritt](/about/), a fully qualified electrician with over 15 years of experience who understands the quirks of older properties and the straightforward approach needed for newer ones.

## Solar Panels in Marple's Climate

Do solar panels work round here? Yes. Modern panels generate at 80%+ capacity even on overcast days - they don't need direct sunlight. Marple sits higher than central Manchester, which often means clearer conditions and better solar exposure throughout the year.

The hills mean some properties have excellent south-facing roof space, while others need a bit more thought about positioning. That's where the personal survey comes in - we look at your actual roof, not just guess from satellite photos.

## Marple Property Types

Marple's mix of housing stock makes for interesting installations. The Victorian and Edwardian terraces in the town centre often have decent south-facing roof slopes, though sometimes we're working round chimney stacks and older roof structures. The semis heading up towards Rose Hill and Mellor typically have more straightforward roof access and plenty of space for larger systems.

For properties where standard solar won't work - awkward orientation, heavy shading from trees, or buildings in the conservation area with planning restrictions - we offer [battery-only systems](/services/home-battery-installations/) that work brilliantly with time-of-use tariffs like [Octopus Energy's](https://octopus.energy/tariffs/). You charge the battery overnight at cheap rates and use it during the day.

## Conservation Areas and Planning

Parts of Marple sit within conservation areas, which can affect what you can do with your roof. Most solar installations don't need planning permission, but conservation areas have stricter rules. We'll advise on what's needed during the survey - we've worked with conservation areas before and know what the council will accept.

Listed buildings need Listed Building Consent on top of planning permission, which is a longer process. For these properties, battery systems without solar panels might be the better route.

## Local Service

Ashley handles everything personally - initial survey, system design, installation, and final testing. No salespeople, no call centres, no subcontractors turning up on the day. You get the same person throughout.

We understand Marple's property types and can typically complete installations within a week with minimal disruption. Cable runs are planned to be as neat as possible, and we clean up properly when we're done.

## What Customers Say

Check our [customer reviews](/reviews/) - we've got a **9.6/10 rating** on Checkatrade. Customers consistently mention the quality of work, straightforward communication, and lack of sales pressure.

As one customer put it: "Really professional job would highly recommend" - typical of the feedback we get from installations across Greater Manchester.

## Areas We Cover in Marple

We cover all of Marple including:

- Marple town centre
- Rose Hill
- Hawk Green
- Marple Bridge
- Mellor
- Marple Dale
- High Lane (Marple side)
- Compstall

## Ready for Solar in Marple?

As [MCS-certified installers](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), your installation qualifies for Smart Export Guarantee payments. We're also accredited by [NAPIT](/accreditations/napit/), [HIES Consumer Code](/accreditations/hies-consumer-code/), and are an [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/).

[Contact us](/contact/) for a free consultation about your Marple property. We'll respond within 48 hours to arrange a survey at a time that suits you.

Commit message:

Emphasise Ashley's personal oversight in installation copy
The key selling point is that Ashley personally oversees every job
and is your direct point of contact - you don't get that from bigger
firms. Rewrote "we handle every aspect" / "we personally handle"
to "Ashley personally oversees" across 18 files including homepage,
service pages, and location pages.

https://claude.ai/code/session_011xrZsSmC2wjs2skbr6hQZm

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Marple | Renegade Solar
description: MCS-certified solar panel installations in Marple, Rose Hill, Hawk Green and Mellor. Local electrician with 15 years experience and 9.6/10 Checkatrade rating.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-marple/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Marple
tags: [marple]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

[Renegade Solar](/about/) provides [solar panel and battery installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) throughout Marple, including Rose Hill, Hawk Green, Marple Bridge, and Mellor. As an [MCS-certified installer](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) based in North Manchester, we work with homeowners across Marple looking to cut their energy bills.

We've fitted solar systems on all sorts of Marple properties - Victorian terraces along Stockport Road, the semis and detached houses on the side streets up towards Mellor, and the newer builds near Hawk Green. Every installation is personally overseen by [Ashley Merritt](/about/), a fully qualified electrician with over 15 years of experience who understands the quirks of older properties and the straightforward approach needed for newer ones.

## Solar Panels in Marple's Climate

Do solar panels work round here? Yes. Modern panels generate at 80%+ capacity even on overcast days - they don't need direct sunlight. Marple sits higher than central Manchester, which often means clearer conditions and better solar exposure throughout the year.

The hills mean some properties have excellent south-facing roof space, while others need a bit more thought about positioning. That's where the personal survey comes in - we look at your actual roof, not just guess from satellite photos.

## Marple Property Types

Marple's mix of housing stock makes for interesting installations. The Victorian and Edwardian terraces in the town centre often have decent south-facing roof slopes, though sometimes we're working round chimney stacks and older roof structures. The semis heading up towards Rose Hill and Mellor typically have more straightforward roof access and plenty of space for larger systems.

For properties where standard solar won't work - awkward orientation, heavy shading from trees, or buildings in the conservation area with planning restrictions - we offer [battery-only systems](/services/home-battery-installations/) that work brilliantly with time-of-use tariffs like [Octopus Energy's](https://octopus.energy/tariffs/). You charge the battery overnight at cheap rates and use it during the day.

## Conservation Areas and Planning

Parts of Marple sit within conservation areas, which can affect what you can do with your roof. Most solar installations don't need planning permission, but conservation areas have stricter rules. We'll advise on what's needed during the survey - we've worked with conservation areas before and know what the council will accept.

Listed buildings need Listed Building Consent on top of planning permission, which is a longer process. For these properties, battery systems without solar panels might be the better route.

## Local Service

Ashley personally oversees everything - initial survey, system design, installation, and final testing. No salespeople, no call centres, no subcontractors turning up on the day. He's your point of contact from start to finish.

We understand Marple's property types and can typically complete installations within a week with minimal disruption. Cable runs are planned to be as neat as possible, and we clean up properly when we're done.

## What Customers Say

Check our [customer reviews](/reviews/) - we've got a **9.6/10 rating** on Checkatrade. Customers consistently mention the quality of work, straightforward communication, and lack of sales pressure.

As one customer put it: "Really professional job would highly recommend" - typical of the feedback we get from installations across Greater Manchester.

## Areas We Cover in Marple

We cover all of Marple including:

- Marple town centre
- Rose Hill
- Hawk Green
- Marple Bridge
- Mellor
- Marple Dale
- High Lane (Marple side)
- Compstall

## Ready for Solar in Marple?

As [MCS-certified installers](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), your installation qualifies for Smart Export Guarantee payments. We're also accredited by [NAPIT](/accreditations/napit/), [HIES Consumer Code](/accreditations/hies-consumer-code/), and are an [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/).

[Contact us](/contact/) for a free consultation about your Marple property. We'll respond within 48 hours to arrange a survey at a time that suits you.
