src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/prestwich.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Prestwich | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Prestwich from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-prestwich/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Prestwich
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [prestwich]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

I'm Ashley, and I run Renegade Solar from right here in Prestwich. I understand the area well and know all about the types of properties in Prestwich and their suitability for renewable energy generation.

Whether your house is a:

- Victorian terrace with a slate roof
- Semi detached with plenty of roof space
- New-build or re-roofed building with tiles
- Commercial flat-roofed property

Or even if you've got a big garden and want to install solar panels there, I'm sure I can help.

## Doesn't It Rain Too Much?

One might assume that the near-constant drizzle here in Manchester will make your solar panels less efficient - but actually, the opposite is true. Rain hardly affects the amount of sunlight hitting the panels, and it keeps them clean by washing away any dirt and dust - which actually does block the sunlight.

## A Prestwich Testimonial

We fitted [solar panels and a battery](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/), a new circuit board, outdoor lighting, and a "positive input ventilation" system to a house in Prestwich facing St Mary's Park. Here's what that customer has to say about our work:

> "I bought a stereotypical Victorian end terrace in Prestwich, which came with all of the usual problems - single-glazed windows, a sagging roof, and an outdated electricity board which didn't meet current standards. After worrying that I might need a full house re-wire (and getting some very expensive quotes from local electricians) I consulted Ashley, who inspected the full supply and let me know that a much cheaper circuit board upgrade would make our electricity safe.

> I was impressed with Ashley's honesty and we began working together to increase the whole house's energy efficiency and sustainability. I got my windows replaced by a local firm, which meant the house became more humid, so Ashley fitted a Positive Input Ventilation system in our loft, which cycles fresh air into the house - ever since, we never see condensation on the windows and the air always feels fresh without needing to open the windows.

> We got the old slate roof replaced with new tiles, and Ashley set to work installing solar panels (11 in total) and a 6kWh battery system from Solax. I'm a software engineer by trade so was delighted to learn I could hook the battery system up to my home automation, which lets me schedule money-saving systems like charging the battery overnight on cheap electricity from our time-of-use tariff, but leaving enough space capacity in the battery for it to be topped-up by the solar panels. We sell any excess generated energy back to our energy supplier (100Green) - Ashley gave us all the required documentation to make this possible.

> During summer this new solar and battery system means our electricity bills are close to zero. In fact, in some months we sent enough electricity back to the grid that we ended up in credit with our supplier! In winter the days are shorter and so the panels don't generate enough to cover the whole day, but that's fine because we still save a tonne of money by charging the battery overnight.

> Ashley from Renegade Solar has been a great help during all of these improvements - he's very knowledgeable and has given us some excellent advice. I feel really lucky that we found him.

> Aside from these big jobs, Ashley has also added a lot of smaller improvements to our electricity setup - outdoor lights and a socket, a doorbell, an extractor fan for the bathroom, and probably more that I can't remember right now. Each job has felt fairly priced, and our home is now comfy and has a load of mod-cons that you'd normally only expect in a new build.

> I can't recommend Ashley enough!"

## A Trustworthy Local Electricity Expert

My years of experience working in Prestwich mean I:

- Am comfortable dealing with houses of any age
- Can tackle almost any electrical job - nothing is too big or too small
- Know other local tradespeople who can help out
- Am regularly in the area - useful for emergencies!

## Prestwich Coverage Areas

I serve all parts of Prestwich and surrounding towns, including:

- Heaton Park
- Sedgley Park
- Prestwich Village
- St Mary's
- Polefield
- Carr Clough

## Let's Get Started!

I'm an MCS-certified installer (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), and I handle every aspect of your installation from initial survey to final commissioning.

[Get in touch](/contact/) today to start the ball rolling!

Commit message:

Refactor site copy from singular (I/my/me) to plural (we/our/us)
The team is now plural while Ashley remains hands-on with every job.
Changed first-person singular pronouns to plural across all 49
content files. Customer testimonials in blockquotes are preserved
unchanged. Rewrote biographical intros (e.g. "I'm Ashley") to use
team-oriented phrasing ("We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley").
Fixed grammar adjustments (am -> are, was -> were) for plural
subject-verb agreement.

https://claude.ai/code/session_011xrZsSmC2wjs2skbr6hQZm

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/prestwich.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Prestwich | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Prestwich from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-prestwich/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Prestwich
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [prestwich]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, and we're based right here in Prestwich. We understand the area well and know all about the types of properties in Prestwich and their suitability for renewable energy generation.

Whether your house is a:

- Victorian terrace with a slate roof
- Semi detached with plenty of roof space
- New-build or re-roofed building with tiles
- Commercial flat-roofed property

Or even if you've got a big garden and want to install solar panels there, we're sure we can help.

## Doesn't It Rain Too Much?

One might assume that the near-constant drizzle here in Manchester will make your solar panels less efficient - but actually, the opposite is true. Rain hardly affects the amount of sunlight hitting the panels, and it keeps them clean by washing away any dirt and dust - which actually does block the sunlight.

## A Prestwich Testimonial

We fitted [solar panels and a battery](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/), a new circuit board, outdoor lighting, and a "positive input ventilation" system to a house in Prestwich facing St Mary's Park. Here's what that customer has to say about our work:

> "I bought a stereotypical Victorian end terrace in Prestwich, which came with all of the usual problems - single-glazed windows, a sagging roof, and an outdated electricity board which didn't meet current standards. After worrying that I might need a full house re-wire (and getting some very expensive quotes from local electricians) I consulted Ashley, who inspected the full supply and let me know that a much cheaper circuit board upgrade would make our electricity safe.

> I was impressed with Ashley's honesty and we began working together to increase the whole house's energy efficiency and sustainability. I got my windows replaced by a local firm, which meant the house became more humid, so Ashley fitted a Positive Input Ventilation system in our loft, which cycles fresh air into the house - ever since, we never see condensation on the windows and the air always feels fresh without needing to open the windows.

> We got the old slate roof replaced with new tiles, and Ashley set to work installing solar panels (11 in total) and a 6kWh battery system from Solax. I'm a software engineer by trade so was delighted to learn I could hook the battery system up to my home automation, which lets me schedule money-saving systems like charging the battery overnight on cheap electricity from our time-of-use tariff, but leaving enough space capacity in the battery for it to be topped-up by the solar panels. We sell any excess generated energy back to our energy supplier (100Green) - Ashley gave us all the required documentation to make this possible.

> During summer this new solar and battery system means our electricity bills are close to zero. In fact, in some months we sent enough electricity back to the grid that we ended up in credit with our supplier! In winter the days are shorter and so the panels don't generate enough to cover the whole day, but that's fine because we still save a tonne of money by charging the battery overnight.

> Ashley from Renegade Solar has been a great help during all of these improvements - he's very knowledgeable and has given us some excellent advice. I feel really lucky that we found him.

> Aside from these big jobs, Ashley has also added a lot of smaller improvements to our electricity setup - outdoor lights and a socket, a doorbell, an extractor fan for the bathroom, and probably more that I can't remember right now. Each job has felt fairly priced, and our home is now comfy and has a load of mod-cons that you'd normally only expect in a new build.

> I can't recommend Ashley enough!"

## A Trustworthy Local Electricity Expert

Our years of experience working in Prestwich mean we:

- Are comfortable dealing with houses of any age
- Can tackle almost any electrical job - nothing is too big or too small
- Know other local tradespeople who can help out
- Are regularly in the area - useful for emergencies!

## Prestwich Coverage Areas

We serve all parts of Prestwich and surrounding towns, including:

- Heaton Park
- Sedgley Park
- Prestwich Village
- St Mary's
- Polefield
- Carr Clough

## Let's Get Started!

We're an MCS-certified installer (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), and we handle every aspect of your installation from initial survey to final commissioning.

[Get in touch](/contact/) today to start the ball rolling!
