src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/radcliffe.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Radcliffe | Renegade Solar
description: Professional solar panel and battery installations in Radcliffe by MCS-certified installer. Local service with excellent customer reviews and competitive pricing.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-radcliffe/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Radcliffe
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [radcliffe]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

Professional solar panel and battery installations throughout Radcliffe. Based nearby in Prestwich, we provide MCS-certified renewable energy solutions tailored to your property's specific requirements.

## Solar Solutions for Radcliffe Properties

Radcliffe's mix of Victorian terraces, semi-detached homes, and modern developments all present excellent opportunities for solar energy generation. We work with all property types to maximise energy savings and environmental benefits.

## Local Knowledge Advantage

Our experience serving the Greater Manchester area means we understand Radcliffe's housing characteristics and can quickly identify the most cost-effective solar solutions for your home.

## Professional Installation Service

- MCS-certified installations to highest standards
- Free property surveys and consultations
- Integration with smart tariffs and battery storage
- Full electrical certification provided
- Ongoing support and maintenance

## Why Choose Local Installation

Based in nearby Prestwich, we provide quick response times for surveys and installations throughout Radcliffe, plus we understand the local electrical infrastructure and housing requirements.

**Ready to start generating your own electricity? [Contact us](/contact/) for your free solar panel consultation.**

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/radcliffe.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Radcliffe | Renegade Solar
description: Professional solar panel and battery installations in Radcliffe by MCS-certified installer. Local service with excellent customer reviews and competitive pricing.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-radcliffe/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Radcliffe
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [radcliffe]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

Professional solar panel and battery installations throughout Radcliffe. Based nearby in Prestwich, we provide MCS-certified renewable energy solutions tailored to your property's specific requirements.

## Solar Solutions for Radcliffe Properties

Radcliffe's mix of Victorian terraces, semi-detached homes, and modern developments all present excellent opportunities for solar energy generation. We work with all property types to maximise energy savings and environmental benefits.

## Local Knowledge Advantage

Our experience serving the Greater Manchester area means we understand Radcliffe's housing characteristics and can quickly identify the most cost-effective solar solutions for your home.

## Professional Installation Service

- MCS-certified installations to highest standards
- Free property surveys and consultations
- Integration with smart tariffs and battery storage
- Full electrical certification provided
- Ongoing support and maintenance

## Why Choose Local Installation

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician surveys your property and designs your system - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

Based in nearby Prestwich, we provide quick response times for surveys and installations throughout Radcliffe, plus we understand the local electrical infrastructure and housing requirements.

**Ready to start generating your own electricity? [Contact us](/contact/) for your free solar panel consultation.**
