src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/rushholme.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Rusholme | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Rusholme from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-rusholme/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Rusholme
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [rusholme]
gallery_tags: [rusholme]
---

Looking for a solar panel installer in Rusholme? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, working across Manchester from our Prestwich base. With a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) and MCS certification, we specialise in solar installations on all types of properties.

## Flat Roof Solar Specialists

Rusholme has plenty of properties with flat roofs – whether that's extensions on Victorian houses or commercial buildings. We've completed several flat roof solar installations in the area, and our gallery shows the quality of work you can expect.

Flat roofs actually offer some advantages for solar: you can angle the panels optimally regardless of which way your roof faces, and installation is often quicker than on pitched roofs. We use proper mounting systems that won't compromise your roof's waterproofing.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar

As an MCS-certified installer (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), your system will qualify for the Smart Export Guarantee. That means you'll get paid for electricity you export back to the grid – something you can't access without MCS certification.

We're also NAPIT-registered (66870) for electrical safety, an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, and part of Green Economy's network of sustainable businesses. We handle all the paperwork for grid connection and Smart Export Guarantee applications, so you don't need to worry about the admin side.

## Solar Works in Manchester

Manchester weather doesn't stop solar panels working. Rain actually helps by keeping panels clean, washing away any dust or dirt that would reduce efficiency. Your system will generate electricity all year round – summer months will cover most of your usage, and even winter provides decent returns.

According to [Ofgem's latest data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid out last year through the Smart Export Guarantee. Real money back to homeowners who've invested in solar.

## Traditional Roofs Too

Not got a flat roof? No problem. We've installed solar on all types of Rusholme properties – Victorian terraces with slate roofs, semi-detached houses with tiles, modern builds. Whatever your property type, we'll give you honest advice about what'll work.

## Battery Storage Makes Sense

Adding battery storage means you can use solar power in the evening when demand's highest. You can also charge the battery overnight on cheap electricity if you're on a time-of-use tariff, then use that stored power during expensive peak hours.

For Rusholme households wanting to properly cut their energy bills, battery storage is worth considering.

## Local Service

Being based in Prestwich means we're just up the road from Rusholme. No travel charges added to your quote, and if you ever need anything sorting, we're nearby. We've worked across Manchester for over 15 years, so we know the housing stock well.

## Ready to Cut Your Energy Bills?

With energy prices staying high, solar panels with battery storage offer genuine savings. We'll give you straightforward advice about what'll work for your property – no pressure, no overselling.

[Get in touch](/contact/) today to discuss solar for your Rusholme property.

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/rushholme.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Rusholme | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Rusholme from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-rusholme/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Rusholme
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [rusholme]
gallery_tags: [rusholme]
---

Looking for a solar panel installer in Rusholme? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, working across Manchester from our Prestwich base. With a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) and MCS certification, we specialise in solar installations on all types of properties.

## Flat Roof Solar Specialists

Rusholme has plenty of properties with flat roofs – whether that's extensions on Victorian houses or commercial buildings. We've completed several flat roof solar installations in the area, and our gallery shows the quality of work you can expect.

Flat roofs actually offer some advantages for solar: you can angle the panels optimally regardless of which way your roof faces, and installation is often quicker than on pitched roofs. We use proper mounting systems that won't compromise your roof's waterproofing.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar

As an MCS-certified installer (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), your system will qualify for the Smart Export Guarantee. That means you'll get paid for electricity you export back to the grid – something you can't access without MCS certification.

We're also NAPIT-registered (66870) for electrical safety, an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, and part of Green Economy's network of sustainable businesses. We handle all the paperwork for grid connection and Smart Export Guarantee applications, so you don't need to worry about the admin side.

## Solar Works in Manchester

Manchester weather doesn't stop solar panels working. Rain actually helps by keeping panels clean, washing away any dust or dirt that would reduce efficiency. Your system will generate electricity all year round – summer months will cover most of your usage, and even winter provides decent returns.

According to [Ofgem's latest data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid out last year through the Smart Export Guarantee. Real money back to homeowners who've invested in solar.

## Traditional Roofs Too

Not got a flat roof? No problem. We've installed solar on all types of Rusholme properties – Victorian terraces with slate roofs, semi-detached houses with tiles, modern builds. Whatever your property type, we'll give you honest advice about what'll work.

## Battery Storage Makes Sense

Adding battery storage means you can use solar power in the evening when demand's highest. You can also charge the battery overnight on cheap electricity if you're on a time-of-use tariff, then use that stored power during expensive peak hours.

For Rusholme households wanting to properly cut their energy bills, battery storage is worth considering.

## Local Service

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician surveys your property and designs your system - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

Being based in Prestwich means we're just up the road from Rusholme. No travel charges added to your quote, and if you ever need anything sorting, we're nearby. We've worked across Manchester for over 15 years, so we know the housing stock well.

## Ready to Cut Your Energy Bills?

With energy prices staying high, solar panels with battery storage offer genuine savings. We'll give you straightforward advice about what'll work for your property – no pressure, no overselling.

[Get in touch](/contact/) today to discuss solar for your Rusholme property.
