src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/stockport.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Stockport | Renegade Solar
description: MCS-certified solar panel and battery installations in Stockport, including Marple Bridge and Bramhall, from Renegade Solar - a trusted local installer with 9.6/10 Checkatrade rating.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-stockport/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Stockport
tags: [stockport]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

We provide expert [solar panel and battery installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) throughout Stockport, including [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/), Marple Bridge, [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/), and surrounding areas. As an [MCS-certified installer](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) based in North Manchester, we bring our expertise directly to Stockport homeowners looking to reduce energy bills and carbon footprints.

We've successfully installed solar systems on a wide variety of Stockport properties - from the elegant Victorian and Edwardian homes in [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/) to the charming stone cottages in Marple Bridge. Our team is led by [Ashley Merritt](/about/), a fully qualified electrician with over 15 years of experience who understands the unique characteristics of Stockport's housing stock.

## Solar Performance in Stockport

Many Stockport residents ask us if solar panels are effective in Manchester's famously changeable weather. The answer is a resounding yes! Modern solar panels work efficiently even on cloudy days, generating at 80%+ of their capacity without direct sunlight. The [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/) and Marple Bridge areas actually benefit from slightly higher elevation than central Manchester, often resulting in better solar exposure throughout the year.

## Property Types in Stockport

Stockport's diverse architecture presents exciting opportunities for solar installation. In [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/), we frequently work with larger detached and semi-detached homes with ample roof space, ideal for maximising solar generation. Properties in [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/) and Marple Bridge, with their mix of traditional stone buildings and newer developments, often benefit from our custom system designs that respect the architectural character while delivering excellent performance.

For properties where conventional solar installation isn't suitable (due to shading, orientation, or planning restrictions), we offer [battery-only solutions](/services/home-battery-installations/) that work brilliantly with time-of-use tariffs like [Octopus Energy's](https://octopus.energy/tariffs/) - particularly valuable for homeowners in conservation areas around [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/) or listed buildings in [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/).

## Local Knowledge & Personal Service

What sets us apart from national installers is our personal approach. We personally handle every aspect of your installation - from initial survey through design and installation to final commissioning. There are no salespeople, no call centres, and no subcontractors.

Our local knowledge means we understand Stockport's planning requirements and have experience with the specific property types in areas like [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/) and [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/). We can typically complete most installations within a week with minimal disruption to your household.

## What Our Customers Say

Don't just take our word for it - check out [our customer reviews](/reviews/) where we maintain an exceptional **9.6/10 rating** on Checkatrade. Our customers consistently praise our honesty, professionalism, and the quality of our workmanship.

As one recent customer noted: "Really professional job would highly recommend" - just one of many glowing testimonials from satisfied customers across Greater Manchester.

## Stockport Coverage Areas

We cover all of Stockport including:

- [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/)
- [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/)
- Marple Bridge
- Cheadle
- Heaton Moor
- Romiley
- Hazel Grove
- Offerton
- Edgeley
- Davenport
- Woodley

## Ready to Go Solar in Stockport?

As an [MCS-certified installer](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), we ensure your installation qualifies for Smart Export Guarantee payments. We're also proud to be accredited by [NAPIT](/accreditations/napit/), [HIES Consumer Code](/accreditations/hies-consumer-code/), and are an [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/).

[Contact us today](/contact/) for a free, no-obligation consultation about your Stockport property's solar potential. We'll respond within 48 hours to arrange a convenient time to visit.

Commit message:

Emphasise Ashley's personal oversight in installation copy
The key selling point is that Ashley personally oversees every job
and is your direct point of contact - you don't get that from bigger
firms. Rewrote "we handle every aspect" / "we personally handle"
to "Ashley personally oversees" across 18 files including homepage,
service pages, and location pages.

https://claude.ai/code/session_011xrZsSmC2wjs2skbr6hQZm

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/stockport.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Stockport | Renegade Solar
description: MCS-certified solar panel and battery installations in Stockport, including Marple Bridge and Bramhall, from Renegade Solar - a trusted local installer with 9.6/10 Checkatrade rating.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-stockport/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Stockport
tags: [stockport]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

We provide expert [solar panel and battery installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) throughout Stockport, including [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/), Marple Bridge, [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/), and surrounding areas. As an [MCS-certified installer](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) based in North Manchester, we bring our expertise directly to Stockport homeowners looking to reduce energy bills and carbon footprints.

We've successfully installed solar systems on a wide variety of Stockport properties - from the elegant Victorian and Edwardian homes in [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/) to the charming stone cottages in Marple Bridge. Our team is led by [Ashley Merritt](/about/), a fully qualified electrician with over 15 years of experience who understands the unique characteristics of Stockport's housing stock.

## Solar Performance in Stockport

Many Stockport residents ask us if solar panels are effective in Manchester's famously changeable weather. The answer is a resounding yes! Modern solar panels work efficiently even on cloudy days, generating at 80%+ of their capacity without direct sunlight. The [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/) and Marple Bridge areas actually benefit from slightly higher elevation than central Manchester, often resulting in better solar exposure throughout the year.

## Property Types in Stockport

Stockport's diverse architecture presents exciting opportunities for solar installation. In [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/), we frequently work with larger detached and semi-detached homes with ample roof space, ideal for maximising solar generation. Properties in [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/) and Marple Bridge, with their mix of traditional stone buildings and newer developments, often benefit from our custom system designs that respect the architectural character while delivering excellent performance.

For properties where conventional solar installation isn't suitable (due to shading, orientation, or planning restrictions), we offer [battery-only solutions](/services/home-battery-installations/) that work brilliantly with time-of-use tariffs like [Octopus Energy's](https://octopus.energy/tariffs/) - particularly valuable for homeowners in conservation areas around [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/) or listed buildings in [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/).

## Local Knowledge & Personal Service

What sets us apart from national installers is our personal approach. Ashley personally oversees every aspect of your installation - from initial survey through design and installation to final commissioning. He's your direct point of contact throughout, not a salesperson or a call centre.

Our local knowledge means we understand Stockport's planning requirements and have experience with the specific property types in areas like [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/) and [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/). We can typically complete most installations within a week with minimal disruption to your household.

## What Our Customers Say

Don't just take our word for it - check out [our customer reviews](/reviews/) where we maintain an exceptional **9.6/10 rating** on Checkatrade. Our customers consistently praise our honesty, professionalism, and the quality of our workmanship.

As one recent customer noted: "Really professional job would highly recommend" - just one of many glowing testimonials from satisfied customers across Greater Manchester.

## Stockport Coverage Areas

We cover all of Stockport including:

- [Bramhall](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/bramhall/)
- [Marple](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/marple/)
- Marple Bridge
- Cheadle
- Heaton Moor
- Romiley
- Hazel Grove
- Offerton
- Edgeley
- Davenport
- Woodley

## Ready to Go Solar in Stockport?

As an [MCS-certified installer](/accreditations/mcs-certified/) (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), we ensure your installation qualifies for Smart Export Guarantee payments. We're also proud to be accredited by [NAPIT](/accreditations/napit/), [HIES Consumer Code](/accreditations/hies-consumer-code/), and are an [Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner/).

[Contact us today](/contact/) for a free, no-obligation consultation about your Stockport property's solar potential. We'll respond within 48 hours to arrange a convenient time to visit.
