src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/trafford.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Trafford | Renegade Solar
description: Expert solar panel and battery installations in Trafford. MCS certified specialists serving Altrincham, Hale, Sale and across Trafford.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-trafford/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Trafford
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [trafford]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

MCS-certified solar panel installations across Trafford. We serve Altrincham, Hale, Sale and all surrounding areas from our nearby Prestwich base.

## Solar Solutions for Trafford Properties

We install solar panels on all Trafford property types - Victorian villas in Bowdon, modern homes in Sale, and everything between. Our systems maximise energy generation while maintaining aesthetic appeal with discreet, efficient designs.

## Premium Solar and Battery Systems

We offer comprehensive energy solutions tailored to your needs. Our **premium [solar and battery installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/)** include sleek all-black panels and in-roof systems for enhanced aesthetic appeal. We provide battery storage for true energy independence, along with EV charging integration and smart home energy management. Modern solar panels thrive in Manchester's climate, generating impressive power even on overcast days and working more efficiently in our cooler temperatures.

## Local Expertise Benefits

Our local knowledge gives you significant advantages. We understand planning requirements for conservation areas and have extensive experience with architectural styles across Trafford. You'll benefit from **accurate performance predictions** based on local data and enjoy direct contact with Ashley, our founder and installer. Every system we design respects your property's unique character while maximising energy production.

## Areas Covered

We install throughout Trafford including Altrincham, Urmston, Hale, Stretford, Bowdon, and Sale.

## MCS Certified Quality

As MCS-certified installers ([NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), we deliver reliable solar solutions. For a consultation about solar for your Trafford home, [contact us](/contact/) today.

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/trafford.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Trafford | Renegade Solar
description: Expert solar panel and battery installations in Trafford. MCS certified specialists serving Altrincham, Hale, Sale and across Trafford.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-trafford/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Trafford
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [trafford]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

MCS-certified solar panel installations across Trafford. We serve Altrincham, Hale, Sale and all surrounding areas from our nearby Prestwich base.

## Solar Solutions for Trafford Properties

We install solar panels on all Trafford property types - Victorian villas in Bowdon, modern homes in Sale, and everything between. Our systems maximise energy generation while maintaining aesthetic appeal with discreet, efficient designs.

## Premium Solar and Battery Systems

We offer comprehensive energy solutions tailored to your needs. Our **premium [solar and battery installations](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/)** include sleek all-black panels and in-roof systems for enhanced aesthetic appeal. We provide battery storage for true energy independence, along with EV charging integration and smart home energy management. Modern solar panels thrive in Manchester's climate, generating impressive power even on overcast days and working more efficiently in our cooler temperatures.

## Local Expertise Benefits

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician surveys your property and designs your system - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

Our local knowledge gives you significant advantages. We understand planning requirements for conservation areas and have extensive experience with architectural styles across Trafford. You'll benefit from **accurate performance predictions** based on local data and enjoy direct contact with Ashley, our founder and installer. Every system we design respects your property's unique character while maximising energy production.

## Areas Covered

We install throughout Trafford including Altrincham, Urmston, Hale, Stretford, Bowdon, and Sale.

## MCS Certified Quality

As MCS-certified installers ([NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), we deliver reliable solar solutions. For a consultation about solar for your Trafford home, [contact us](/contact/) today.
