src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/whitefield.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Whitefield | Renegade Solar
description: MCS-certified solar panel and battery installs in Whitefield, from Renegade Solar - a HIES-registered electrical engineer with a 9.61/10 rating on Checkatrade.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-whitefield/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Whitefield
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [whitefield]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

Based just down the road in Prestwich, I know Whitefield well. I've probably fitted solar panels and batteries to buildings just like yours, and can offer some real world knowledge about the amount of energy your house is likely to generate, store, and consume.

I've installed solar panels on:

- Traditional terraced houses with slate roofs
- Semi-detached homes with large roof areas
- Modern new-build properties
- Commercial buildings with flat roofs

And I've even installed ground-mounted solar panels for properties with large gardens!

## How Do Solar Panel Perform In The Rain?

It feels like we're never more than a day or two away from a rainy day in Manchester (although I was surprised to learn that [we're not even close to being the rainiest city](https://blog.scienceandindustrymuseum.org.uk/manchester-our-rainy-city/)!), but you might be surprised to learn that this isn't actually a problem for solar panel set ups. In fact, the rain helps keep the panels clean, which _increases_ their efficiency!

## Can I Just Get A Battery?

Of course! A [a battery-only installation](/services/home-battery-installations/) can still save you a significant amount on your bills each day, as long as you're on a "Time of Use" tariff, and most energy companies offer this now. These tariffs mean you can charge your battery overnight when the electricity is cheaper (as little as 1/3rd) the price in some instances, ready to use throughout the day! While a little energy is lost in the process of filling your battery, this is easily offset by using the cheaper electricity for more of your day.

## Reviews From Whitefield & Nearby Customers

Check out [my Checkatrade profile](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/reviews) where I have a **9.61/10 rating** to read some of the many reviews I've received from customers in or close to Whitefield. To quote from some of those:

> "I would have no hesitation in recommending him to anyone."

> "Really professional job would highly recommend."

> "Renegade's work rate, ethic and quality. were excellent."

> "Absolutely first class brilliant person wonderful job done"

> "Ashley was very professional on time, great price and excellent work would recommend"

With over 15 years working as an electrician in both Prestwich and Whitefield, and abroad in the Channel Islands, I have a wealth of experience which means I've seen basically every job before. No matter how old your electrics are, or how your house is laid out, I'm sure I can help you get a solar panel and battery set up you'll love and which will save you some serious money over the long run.

## Local Benefits

Because I'm based so close to Whitefield I know plenty of other local tradespeople I've dealt with over the years who can collaborate with me when working in homes and businesses in Whitefield - for example, a scaffolding company to get access to your roof to fit panels.

I'm also regularly passing through, which means arranging an appointment should be really easy.

## Whitefield Coverage Areas

I serve every part of Whitefield and other towns in North Manchester - from Besse's up to Sunnybank, down towards Radcliffe, or across to Hollins and Heywood. I'll cover anywhere in Manchester, really - but I prefer to work close to home, in Prestwich, Whitefield, Middleton and Bury.

## Okay, I'm Interested!

Great! I would love to hear from you and advise you about your home or business's potential for solar power generation and / or battery storage. **[Click here for my contact details](/contact/)** - and I'll be in touch within 48 hours!

Commit message:

Refactor site copy from singular (I/my/me) to plural (we/our/us)
The team is now plural while Ashley remains hands-on with every job.
Changed first-person singular pronouns to plural across all 49
content files. Customer testimonials in blockquotes are preserved
unchanged. Rewrote biographical intros (e.g. "I'm Ashley") to use
team-oriented phrasing ("We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley").
Fixed grammar adjustments (am -> are, was -> were) for plural
subject-verb agreement.

https://claude.ai/code/session_011xrZsSmC2wjs2skbr6hQZm

src/services/solar-and-battery-installations/whitefield.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Whitefield | Renegade Solar
description: MCS-certified solar panel and battery installs in Whitefield, from Renegade Solar - a HIES-registered electrical engineer with a 9.61/10 rating on Checkatrade.
redirect_from:
  - /solar-panel-installer-whitefield/
link_title: Solar Panel Installs
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Whitefield
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [whitefield]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

Based just down the road in Prestwich, we know Whitefield well. We've probably fitted solar panels and batteries to buildings just like yours, and can offer some real world knowledge about the amount of energy your house is likely to generate, store, and consume.

We've installed solar panels on:

- Traditional terraced houses with slate roofs
- Semi-detached homes with large roof areas
- Modern new-build properties
- Commercial buildings with flat roofs

And we've even installed ground-mounted solar panels for properties with large gardens!

## How Do Solar Panel Perform In The Rain?

It feels like we're never more than a day or two away from a rainy day in Manchester (although we were surprised to learn that [we're not even close to being the rainiest city](https://blog.scienceandindustrymuseum.org.uk/manchester-our-rainy-city/)!), but you might be surprised to learn that this isn't actually a problem for solar panel set ups. In fact, the rain helps keep the panels clean, which _increases_ their efficiency!

## Can We Just Get A Battery?

Of course! A [a battery-only installation](/services/home-battery-installations/) can still save you a significant amount on your bills each day, as long as you're on a "Time of Use" tariff, and most energy companies offer this now. These tariffs mean you can charge your battery overnight when the electricity is cheaper (as little as 1/3rd) the price in some instances, ready to use throughout the day! While a little energy is lost in the process of filling your battery, this is easily offset by using the cheaper electricity for more of your day.

## Reviews From Whitefield & Nearby Customers

Check out [our Checkatrade profile](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/reviews) where we have a **9.61/10 rating** to read some of the many reviews we've received from customers in or close to Whitefield. To quote from some of those:

> "I would have no hesitation in recommending him to anyone."

> "Really professional job would highly recommend."

> "Renegade's work rate, ethic and quality. were excellent."

> "Absolutely first class brilliant person wonderful job done"

> "Ashley was very professional on time, great price and excellent work would recommend"

With over 15 years working as an electrician in both Prestwich and Whitefield, and abroad in the Channel Islands, we have a wealth of experience which means we've seen basically every job before. No matter how old your electrics are, or how your house is laid out, we're sure we can help you get a solar panel and battery set up you'll love and which will save you some serious money over the long run.

## Local Benefits

Because we're based so close to Whitefield we know plenty of other local tradespeople we've dealt with over the years who can collaborate with us when working in homes and businesses in Whitefield - for example, a scaffolding company to get access to your roof to fit panels.

We're also regularly passing through, which means arranging an appointment should be really easy.

## Whitefield Coverage Areas

We serve every part of Whitefield and other towns in North Manchester - from Besse's up to Sunnybank, down towards Radcliffe, or across to Hollins and Heywood. We'll cover anywhere in Manchester, really - but we prefer to work close to home, in Prestwich, Whitefield, Middleton and Bury.

## Okay, we're Interested!

Great! We would love to hear from you and advise you about your home or business's potential for solar power generation and / or battery storage. **[Click here for our contact details](/contact/)** - and we'll be in touch within 48 hours!
