src/locations/blackley-ev-charging.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Blackley | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Blackley by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging solutions with solar integration available.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-blackley/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Blackley
tags: [blackley]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
---

Expert EV charger installations throughout Blackley. As your local NAPIT-registered installer, we provide professional charging solutions tailored to your property and driving needs.

## Local EV Charging Service

Based nearby in Prestwich, we serve the Blackley area with comprehensive EV charger installation services. Our local knowledge ensures installations that work perfectly with your home's electrical system.

## Smart Charging Technology

We install the latest smart EV chargers that integrate seamlessly with solar panels and home battery systems, allowing you to maximise your renewable energy investment.

## Customer Testimonials

> "Ashley was amazing! He removed my EV charger from my old house and came back and reinstalled at my new house... would highly recommend and wouldn't use anybody else now for any electrical work."

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

## Professional Installation Features

- NAPIT-registered electrical certification
- Smart chargers with mobile app control
- Integration with time-of-use tariffs
- Solar panel and battery compatibility
- Same-day installation available

## Why Choose Local Installation

Our proximity to Blackley means quick response times for surveys and installations, plus ongoing support when you need it. We understand the local housing mix and can recommend the most cost-effective charging solution.

**Ready to charge at home? [Contact us](/contact/) for your free EV charger consultation and quote.**

Commit message:

feat(locations): add EV charger range sections with Octopus and other options
Added 'Our Charger Range' sections across 12 location markdown files. This new content details experience installing Solax, AlphaESS, and the full range of Octopus chargers, highlighting smart time-of-use features for automatic, cost-effective charging. The update enhances info about smart charger options and integration with renewable energy systems across multiple location pages.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/locations/blackley-ev-charging.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Blackley | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Blackley by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging solutions with solar integration available.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-blackley/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Blackley
tags: [blackley]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
---

Expert EV charger installations throughout Blackley. As your local NAPIT-registered installer, we provide professional charging solutions for electric cars tailored to your property and driving needs.

## Local EV Charging Service

Based nearby in Prestwich, we serve the Blackley area with comprehensive EV charger installation services. Our local knowledge ensures installations that work perfectly with your home's electrical system.

## Our Charger Range

We're experienced installers of **Solax** and **AlphaESS** EV chargers, both excellent options that integrate seamlessly with their respective solar and battery systems. As an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, we also install the full range of Octopus chargers from their [EV charger programme](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/), which offer smart time-of-use features that automatically charge your car when electricity is cheapest.

If you've already got a specific charger in mind from another manufacturer, we're happy to install whatever works best for you – just order it and we'll get it fitted professionally.

## Smart Charging Technology

We install the latest smart EV chargers that integrate seamlessly with solar panels and home battery systems, allowing you to maximise your renewable energy investment. The Octopus chargers are particularly clever – they can automatically charge your electric vehicle during the cheapest overnight periods (as little as 7.5p per kWh on tariffs like Octopus Go, compared to 30-60p+ at public chargers), making running an electric car incredibly affordable without you having to remember to plug in at specific times.

## Customer Testimonials

> "Ashley was amazing! He removed my EV charger from my old house and came back and reinstalled at my new house... would highly recommend and wouldn't use anybody else now for any electrical work."

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

## Professional Installation Features

- NAPIT-registered electrical certification
- Smart chargers with mobile app control
- Integration with time-of-use tariffs
- Solar panel and battery compatibility
- Same-day installation available

## Why Choose Local Installation

Our proximity to Blackley means quick response times for surveys and installations, plus ongoing support when you need it. We understand the local housing mix and can recommend the most cost-effective charging solution.

**Ready to charge at home? [Contact us](/contact/) for your free EV charger consultation and quote.**
