src/locations/bolton-ev-charging.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Bolton | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Bolton by NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service for homes and businesses as Bolton expands its charging infrastructure.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-bolton/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Bolton
tags: [bolton]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
---

Professional EV charger installations throughout Bolton for homes and businesses. NAPIT-registered service with smart charging technology, supporting Bolton's growing electric vehicle infrastructure.

## Bolton's Electric Vehicle Revolution

Bolton Council has committed £2.3M to roll out at least 400 electric vehicle charging points across the borough by 2028. This ambitious programme prioritises high-density residential areas and underserved neighbourhoods, with 150 charging points planned for installation in the first phase alone (2025-2026).

With Bolton currently having fewer than 80 public charge points, this expansion represents a transformative shift in the town's electric vehicle infrastructure. As Bolton works towards its net-zero carbon target by 2038, home and workplace charging becomes essential for the thousands of residents making the switch to electric vehicles.

## EV Solutions for Bolton Properties

Bolton's housing landscape is dominated by terraced and semi-detached properties, which together make up 70% of the town's homes. We provide expert EV charger installations across all Bolton property types, from traditional Victorian terraces in areas like Farnworth and Great Lever to modern developments in Horwich and Lostock.

For Bolton's many terraced properties where off-street parking may be limited, we can advise on the best charging solutions and work within any planning requirements. The council's focus on high-density residential areas means public charging is expanding, but home charging remains the most convenient and cost-effective option where possible.

For businesses across Bolton's growing economy, workplace charging is becoming essential. With the University of Bolton targeting 20,000 students and Bolton's manufacturing, logistics, and professional services sectors expanding, staff increasingly need workplace charging facilities.

## Smart Charging Integration

Our smart EV chargers can be integrated with [solar panels](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) and [home battery systems](/services/home-battery-installations/), allowing you to charge your vehicle using clean, renewable energy at minimal cost. This is particularly valuable for Bolton's industrial and commercial properties with suitable roof space.

## Quality Installation Service

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system."

## Complete EV Charging Package

Every installation begins with a free property survey and assessment to ensure the perfect charger solution for your needs. We install smart chargers with app control, giving you complete visibility and control over your vehicle charging from your smartphone.

All our installations are OZEV grant-approved and come with full NAPIT electrical certification, ensuring compliance with current regulations. We'll help you optimise your charging with time-of-use tariffs to take advantage of cheaper overnight electricity rates, and can integrate your charger with existing solar panels and battery systems for truly renewable vehicle charging.

## Bolton Coverage

Well connected via the M61 motorway, Bolton is at the heart of Greater Manchester's transport network. We serve customers throughout Bolton with the same professional approach and competitive pricing that's earned us excellent reviews across the region.

**Get your EV charger installed professionally. [Contact us](/contact/) for your free consultation.**

Commit message:

feat(locations): add EV charger range sections with Octopus and other options
Added 'Our Charger Range' sections across 12 location markdown files. This new content details experience installing Solax, AlphaESS, and the full range of Octopus chargers, highlighting smart time-of-use features for automatic, cost-effective charging. The update enhances info about smart charger options and integration with renewable energy systems across multiple location pages.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/locations/bolton-ev-charging.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Bolton | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Bolton by NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service for homes and businesses as Bolton expands its charging infrastructure.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-bolton/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Bolton
tags: [bolton]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
---

Professional EV charger installations throughout Bolton for homes and businesses. NAPIT-registered service with smart charging technology, supporting Bolton's growing electric car infrastructure.

## Bolton's Electric Vehicle Revolution

Bolton Council has committed £2.3M to roll out at least 400 electric vehicle charging points across the borough by 2028. This ambitious programme prioritises high-density residential areas and underserved neighbourhoods, with 150 charging points planned for installation in the first phase alone (2025-2026).

With Bolton currently having fewer than 80 public charge points, this expansion represents a transformative shift in the town's electric vehicle infrastructure. As Bolton works towards its net-zero carbon target by 2038, home and workplace charging becomes essential for the thousands of residents making the switch to electric cars.

## EV Solutions for Bolton Properties

Bolton's housing landscape is dominated by terraced and semi-detached properties, which together make up 70% of the town's homes. We provide expert EV charger installations across all Bolton property types, from traditional Victorian terraces in areas like Farnworth and Great Lever to modern developments in Horwich and Lostock.

For Bolton's many terraced properties where off-street parking may be limited, we can advise on the best charging solutions and work within any planning requirements. The council's focus on high-density residential areas means public charging is expanding, but home charging remains the most convenient and cost-effective option where possible.

For businesses across Bolton's growing economy, workplace charging is becoming essential. With the University of Bolton targeting 20,000 students and Bolton's manufacturing, logistics, and professional services sectors expanding, staff increasingly need workplace charging facilities.

## Our Charger Range

We're experienced installers of **Solax** and **AlphaESS** EV chargers, both excellent options that integrate seamlessly with their respective solar and battery systems. As an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, we also install the full range of Octopus chargers from their [EV charger programme](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/), which offer smart time-of-use features that automatically charge your car when electricity is cheapest.

If you've already got a specific charger in mind from another manufacturer, we're happy to install whatever works best for you – just order it and we'll get it fitted professionally.

## Smart Charging Integration

Our smart EV chargers can be integrated with [solar panels](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) and [home battery systems](/services/home-battery-installations/), allowing you to charge your car using clean, renewable energy at minimal cost. This is particularly valuable for Bolton's industrial and commercial properties with suitable roof space.

## Quality Installation Service

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system."

## Complete EV Charging Package

Every installation begins with a free property survey and assessment to ensure the perfect charger solution for your needs. We install smart chargers with app control, giving you complete visibility and control over your car's charging from your smartphone.

All our installations are OZEV grant-approved and come with full NAPIT electrical certification, ensuring compliance with current regulations. We'll help you optimise your charging with time-of-use tariffs like Octopus Go to take advantage of cheaper overnight electricity rates – charge your electric car for as little as 7.5p per kWh overnight compared to 30-60p+ at public chargers. We can also integrate your charger with existing solar panels and battery systems for truly renewable vehicle charging.

The Octopus chargers are particularly clever – they can automatically charge your car during the cheapest overnight periods, making running an electric vehicle incredibly affordable without you having to remember to plug in at specific times.

## Bolton Coverage

Well connected via the M61 motorway, Bolton is at the heart of Greater Manchester's transport network. We serve customers throughout Bolton with the same professional approach and competitive pricing that's earned us excellent reviews across the region.

**Get your EV charger installed professionally. [Contact us](/contact/) for your free consultation.**
