src/locations/cheetham-hill-solar-panels.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Cheetham Hill from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
permalink: /solar-panel-installer-cheetham-hill/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [cheetham-hill]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

Renegade Solar operates from nearby Prestwich and provides solar panel installations throughout Cheetham Hill. This North Manchester area has over 21,000 residents living in nearly 7,000 households, from Victorian terraces to modern developments.

The government's [Smart Export Guarantee](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/environmental-and-social-schemes/smart-export-guarantee-seg) means you can earn money for electricity you export to the grid. To qualify, your installation and installer must be certified through the Microgeneration Certification Scheme, which we are. You'll also need a meter capable of half-hourly readings, which most smart meters provide.

Cheetham Hill's mix of housing works well for solar. Victorian terraces along Cheetham Hill Road might have smaller roofs but still generate good amounts of electricity. Post-war semis typically have larger roof areas that are straightforward to work with. Newer developments often have electrical systems ready for renewable energy. Even the commercial properties along the main roads can benefit from solar installations to reduce their operating costs.

Manchester weather doesn't stop solar panels working effectively. Rain actually helps by washing away dust and dirt that can reduce panel efficiency. According to [Ofgem's annual report](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), solar PV made up 99.98% of installations registered under the Smart Export Guarantee, with most installations between 4kW and 10kW, which suits typical residential properties perfectly.

With 58.1% of Cheetham Hill households being single family homes, many properties have good roof space for panels. The area's diverse population brings different perspectives on renewable energy, with 48.7% of residents having arrived from outside the UK, many from countries where solar is already mainstream.

Battery storage works particularly well with solar panels. You can store electricity generated during the day to use in the evening when everyone's home. This suits the family households that make up the majority of Cheetham Hill. For those on time-of-use tariffs, batteries can also store cheap overnight electricity for use during expensive peak times.

Being based in Prestwich means we understand North Manchester properties. We know how Victorian terraces are wired, what works best for post-war semis, and how newer developments are set up electrically. Our local position means we can respond quickly to Cheetham Hill enquiries without adding travel charges to quotes.

As MCS-certified installers (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), we meet all requirements for you to claim Smart Export Guarantee payments. The MCS certifies and quality assures microgeneration installations and installers. Without this certification, you can't access the Smart Export Guarantee, so it's essential your installer has it.

We cover all of Cheetham Hill, from the busy Cheetham Hill Road to the quieter residential streets near Broughton Park, the area around Abraham Moss Community School, properties near Manchester Fort Shopping Park, and the streets bordering Crumpsall. Our Prestwich base means we're never far away.

The Smart Export Guarantee replaced the old Feed-in Tariff scheme. Energy suppliers now offer their own tariff rates, which must be above zero. You apply directly to an energy supplier for payments, and it doesn't have to be your current electricity supplier. According to [Ofgem's SEG Year 4 data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid to installations registered under the scheme, with 283.1 GWh of low-carbon electricity exported to the grid.

Our [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/reviews) reflects our commitment to quality installations and customer service. We handle everything from the initial survey through to commissioning, including the paperwork needed for grid connection and Smart Export Guarantee applications.

Ready to explore solar for your Cheetham Hill property? [Get in touch](/contact/) for a consultation.

Commit message:

docs(locations): revise content for Cheetham Hill and Crumpsall location pages
Updated the markdown content for EICR inspections, EV charging, and solar panel installation pages for Cheetham Hill and Crumpsall. Changes include rewriting service descriptions to a more personal and engaging tone, adding customer testimonials, clarifying pricing and legal requirements, emphasizing local expertise, and improving calls to action. These updates enhance clarity, local relevance, and customer trust.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/locations/cheetham-hill-solar-panels.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Cheetham Hill from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
permalink: /solar-panel-installer-cheetham-hill/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Cheetham Hill
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [cheetham-hill]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

Looking for a solar panel installer in Cheetham Hill? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, based just down the road in Prestwich. With a 9.61/10 Checkatrade rating and MCS certification (NAP-66870), I provide honest advice and quality installations that actually save you money.

## Why Cheetham Hill Residents Choose Renegade Solar

One Prestwich customer saved thousands when I gave them a second opinion: "Another electrician convinced us we needed a whole house rewire. After inspecting, Ashley let us know it was fully unnecessary and we just needed a new fuse board. He saved us thousands of pounds with that first visit."

That's the difference with Renegade Solar. I won't sell you something you don't need. With over 15 years' experience as an electrician, I'll give you straight advice about whether solar makes sense for your property.

## Solar Works Well in Cheetham Hill

Your Victorian terrace, semi-detached house, or modern property can all benefit from solar panels. Even with Manchester weather, solar panels generate excellent returns. Rain actually helps by keeping panels clean, and according to [Ofgem's latest data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), over £30 million was paid out last year through the Smart Export Guarantee.

As an MCS-certified installer, I ensure you qualify for these government payments. Without MCS certification, you can't access the [Smart Export Guarantee](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/environmental-and-social-schemes/smart-export-guarantee-seg), so this credential really matters.

## What Makes Renegade Solar Different

I'm NAPIT-registered (66870) for electrical safety and an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner. But what really sets me apart is how I work with customers. As one review says: "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. During the job he found an earthing fault from previous work and fixed this small job at no extra cost."

I handle everything from survey to commissioning, including all the paperwork for grid connection and Smart Export Guarantee applications. Being based in Prestwich means I'm just minutes away from Cheetham Hill, with no travel charges added to your quote.

## Battery Storage Maximises Your Savings

Adding battery storage means you can use solar power in the evening when everyone's home. Store cheap overnight electricity if you're on a time-of-use tariff. It's perfect for Cheetham Hill's family households who want to cut their energy bills properly.

## Ready to Cut Your Energy Bills?

With energy prices staying high, solar panels with battery storage offer real savings for Cheetham Hill residents. I'll give you honest advice about what works for your property, with no pressure and no overselling.

**Get a straightforward quote from a local installer you can trust. [Contact me today](/contact/) to discuss solar for your Cheetham Hill property.**
