src/locations/crumpsall-ev-charging.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Crumpsall by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging integration with solar panels and home batteries.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-crumpsall/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall
tags: [crumpsall]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [18] - M9 customer on quick turnaround
---

# EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall

Need an EV charger in Crumpsall? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, based in nearby Prestwich. As a NAPIT-registered electrician and Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, I'll get your home charging sorted – without the hassle.

## Cut Your Transport Costs by 85%

Public charging costs 30-60p per kWh. Home charging on Octopus Go? Just 7.5p overnight. Your daily Manchester commute drops from over £10 to under £2. That's £1,500-2,000 saved annually for typical Crumpsall families.

The [government grant](https://www.gov.uk/electric-vehicle-chargepoint-grant-household) gives you up to £350 off installation. I'm OZEV-approved and I'll handle all the paperwork.

## Crumpsall Properties Sorted

Semi-detached with a drive? Perfect for a standard wall-mounted charger. Victorian terrace near the hospital? I've installed chargers using rear access, cable runs to front parking – whatever works. Bungalow with side parking? Easy installation with minimal disruption.

## Works with Your Solar Panels

Already got solar? I'll set your charger to use free solar power during the day, so you're charging with your own clean energy.

## Local, Reliable, Honest

Being minutes away in Prestwich means no travel charges and quick response. My [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) from 80+ reviews shows I do the job right. I can typically get your charger installed within days of first contact – just like a recent Blackley customer who went from enquiry to installation in less than a week.

## Stop Wasting Money

Every day you use public chargers, you're throwing money away. Home charging pays for itself quickly – then it saves you thousands year after year.

**Get your EV charger fitted properly by a local electrician. [Contact me](/contact/) for a straightforward quote.**

Commit message:

feat(locations): add EV charger range sections with Octopus and other options
Added 'Our Charger Range' sections across 12 location markdown files. This new content details experience installing Solax, AlphaESS, and the full range of Octopus chargers, highlighting smart time-of-use features for automatic, cost-effective charging. The update enhances info about smart charger options and integration with renewable energy systems across multiple location pages.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/locations/crumpsall-ev-charging.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Crumpsall by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging integration with solar panels and home batteries.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-crumpsall/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall
tags: [crumpsall]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [18] - M9 customer on quick turnaround
---

# EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall

Need an EV charger in Crumpsall? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, based in nearby Prestwich. As a NAPIT-registered electrician and Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, I'll get your home charging sorted – without the hassle.

## Cut Your Transport Costs by 85%

Public charging costs 30-60p per kWh. Home charging on Octopus Go? Just 7.5p overnight. Your daily Manchester commute drops from over £10 to under £2. That's £1,500-2,000 saved annually for typical Crumpsall families.

The [government grant](https://www.gov.uk/electric-vehicle-chargepoint-grant-household) gives you up to £350 off installation. I'm OZEV-approved and I'll handle all the paperwork.

## Crumpsall Properties Sorted

Semi-detached with a drive? Perfect for a standard wall-mounted charger. Victorian terrace near the hospital? I've installed chargers using rear access, cable runs to front parking – whatever works. Bungalow with side parking? Easy installation with minimal disruption.

## Our Charger Range

I'm experienced installing **Solax** and **AlphaESS** EV chargers, both excellent options that integrate seamlessly with their respective solar and battery systems. As an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, I also install the full range of Octopus chargers from their [EV charger programme](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/), which offer smart time-of-use features that automatically charge your car when electricity is cheapest.

If you've already got a specific charger in mind from another manufacturer, I'm happy to install whatever works best for you – just order it and I'll get it fitted professionally.

## Works with Your Solar Panels

Already got solar? I'll set your charger to use free solar power during the day, so you're charging your electric car with your own clean energy. The Octopus chargers are particularly clever – they automatically charge your vehicle during the cheapest overnight periods without you having to remember to plug in at specific times.

## Local, Reliable, Honest

Being minutes away in Prestwich means no travel charges and quick response. My [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) from 80+ reviews shows I do the job right. I can typically get your charger installed within days of first contact – just like a recent Blackley customer who went from enquiry to installation in less than a week.

## Stop Wasting Money

Every day you use public chargers, you're throwing money away. Home charging pays for itself quickly – then it saves you thousands year after year.

**Get your EV charger fitted properly by a local electrician. [Contact me](/contact/) for a straightforward quote.**
