src/locations/crumpsall-solar-panels.md, before:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Crumpsall from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
permalink: /solar-panel-installer-crumpsall/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [crumpsall]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

From our Prestwich base just down the road, Renegade Solar provides solar panel installations to Crumpsall. With over 18,000 residents and 6,000 households, Crumpsall's established residential areas work well for renewable energy generation.

To earn money from solar panels through the [Smart Export Guarantee](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/environmental-and-social-schemes/smart-export-guarantee-seg), you need an installation and installer certified through the Microgeneration Certification Scheme. We're MCS-certified, which means you can access these payments. You'll also need a meter that provides half-hourly readings, which most smart meters do. Energy suppliers set their own tariff rates, which must be above zero, and you apply directly to them for payments.

Crumpsall's housing suits solar installations well. Semi-detached houses around Crumpsall Lane typically have spacious roofs with good orientation. Victorian terraces near the hospital might have smaller roofs but still generate worthwhile amounts of electricity. Newer developments often have modern electrical systems ready for solar. Bungalows offer easy roof access and simple roof structures that make installation straightforward.

With 56.4% of Crumpsall households being single family homes, many properties have the roof space needed for effective solar installations. The 64.9% of households experiencing deprivation in one or more dimensions makes reducing energy bills particularly important. Solar panels with battery storage can cut electricity costs significantly, providing long-term financial relief.

Manchester weather doesn't prevent solar panels working effectively. Rain washes away dust and dirt that reduces efficiency, actually helping panel performance. Crumpsall gets similar annual sunshine hours to most of England. According to [Ofgem's latest annual report](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), solar PV made up 99.98% of Smart Export Guarantee registrations, with most installations between 4kW and 10kW, perfect for typical homes.

Crumpsall's diverse population brings different perspectives on renewable energy. With 57.1% of residents born in the UK and 42.9% arriving from elsewhere, many have experienced solar technology in various climates. The significant populations from Europe (67.4% of all residents) and the Middle East and Asia (25.4%) often come from countries where solar is already common.

Battery storage enhances solar installations by storing excess energy generated during the day for evening use. This suits the 56.4% of single family households who typically have higher evening energy consumption. Smaller households, making up 31.9% of Crumpsall, benefit from scaled solutions matching their lower energy needs. The 11.7% of other household types, often extended families, can use larger arrays with substantial battery storage.

Being based in Prestwich means we understand Crumpsall properties. We know the electrical setups in post-war semis, how to work with Victorian property constraints, local planning considerations, and the best approaches for different roof types. Our proximity means no expensive travel charges and quick response times.

Semi-detached properties offer excellent roof space with straightforward installations. Victorian terraces have smaller roofs but we maximise generation from compact spaces. Modern developments often have solar-ready infrastructure, making installations quicker and more cost-effective. Bungalows, popular with older residents, provide easy access and simple roof structures.

With 86.4% of coupled residents being married or in civil partnerships, many Crumpsall households make long-term financial plans where solar makes sense. Typical payback periods are six to eight years, with 25-year manufacturer warranties on panels. The Smart Export Guarantee provides potential income from excess energy sold to the grid. For the 98.7% of residents living in households rather than communal establishments, controlling energy costs through solar provides security.

We cover all of Crumpsall including Crumpsall Lane and surrounding streets, areas near North Manchester General Hospital, properties around Crumpsall Park, homes near Heaton Park, and borders with Blackley and Cheetham Hill. Our Prestwich base means we're minutes away from any Crumpsall property.

According to [Ofgem's SEG Year 4 data](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/publications/smart-export-guarantee-annual-report-april-2023-march-2024), the Smart Export Guarantee scheme saw over £30 million paid to registered installations, with 283.1 GWh of low-carbon electricity exported. As MCS-certified installers (certification number [NAP-66870](https://mcscertified.com/find-an-installer/)), we ensure your installation qualifies for these payments. The MCS certifies and quality assures microgeneration installations, and without this certification, you can't access the Smart Export Guarantee.

Our [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/reviews) reflects years of quality installations in North Manchester. We handle everything from initial survey through to commissioning, including grid connection paperwork and Smart Export Guarantee applications.

Ready to explore solar for your Crumpsall property? [Contact us](/contact/) for a consultation.

Commit message:

docs(locations): revise content for Cheetham Hill and Crumpsall location pages
Updated the markdown content for EICR inspections, EV charging, and solar panel installation pages for Cheetham Hill and Crumpsall. Changes include rewriting service descriptions to a more personal and engaging tone, adding customer testimonials, clarifying pricing and legal requirements, emphasizing local expertise, and improving calls to action. These updates enhance clarity, local relevance, and customer trust.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/locations/crumpsall-solar-panels.md, after:

---
title: Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall | Renegade Solar
description: Solar panel and battery installations in Crumpsall from Renegade Solar, an MCS-certified installer with excellent Checkatrade ratings.
permalink: /solar-panel-installer-crumpsall/
link_title: Solar Panel Installations
heading: Solar Panel Installer in Crumpsall
icon: /assets/icons/solar-panel.svg
tags: [crumpsall]
gallery_tags: [solar-panels]
---

Looking for a solar installer in Crumpsall? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, based just down the road in Prestwich. With MCS certification (NAP-66870) and a 9.61/10 Checkatrade rating from 80+ reviews, I provide honest advice and quality installations.

## Why Crumpsall Residents Trust Renegade Solar

One customer said: "Ashley did an excellent job installing solar panels on my roof and batteries. As someone who likes everything perfect, I can say he did it exactly how I would have done it. I highly recommend him."

That's the level of care I bring to every Crumpsall installation. With over 15 years as an electrician, I won't oversell or push unnecessary extras. I'll tell you straight whether solar makes sense for your property.

## Perfect for Crumpsall Properties

Your semi-detached house, Victorian terrace near the hospital, or bungalow can all benefit from solar. Crumpsall gets the same sunshine hours as the rest of England, and rain actually helps by keeping panels clean.

Last year, the [Smart Export Guarantee](https://www.ofgem.gov.uk/environmental-and-social-schemes/smart-export-guarantee-seg) paid out over £30 million to solar owners. As an MCS-certified installer, I ensure you qualify for these payments - without MCS certification, you can't access them.

## Honest Advice, Fair Prices

Here's what sets me apart: I saved one customer thousands by telling them they didn't need a full rewire, just a new fuse board. Another review: "Ashley gave some good advice but didn't try to upsell - genuinely felt like he was telling me for my own benefit, not his."

I'm NAPIT-registered for safety and an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner. But more importantly, I'm local - just minutes from Crumpsall with no travel charges.

## Battery Storage Cuts Bills Further

Adding batteries lets you store solar power for evening use or cheap overnight electricity for the day. Perfect for Crumpsall's working families who want proper energy savings.

From nearby Blackley: "Very professional and efficient, really helpful, will definitely use for future electrical work."

## Get Started Today

With energy costs staying high, solar offers real savings for Crumpsall residents. I handle everything from survey to grid connection paperwork.

**Get honest advice from a local installer. [Contact me](/contact/) for a straightforward quote on solar for your Crumpsall property.**
