src/locations/crumpsall-eicr-inspections.md, before:

---
title: EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Crumpsall | £150 Same Day Certificate
description: Professional EICR electrical inspections in Crumpsall. £150 all domestic properties, same day certificates. NAPIT registered, 20+ years experience.
link_title: EICR Inspection
heading: EICR Inspections in Crumpsall
icon: /assets/icons/check.svg
permalink: /crumpsall-eicr-inspections/
tags: [crumpsall, eicr]
---

# EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Crumpsall

Based just down the road in Prestwich, we provide EICR electrical safety inspections in Crumpsall for £150, with same day certificates. As NAPIT-registered electricians with over 20 years experience, we know Crumpsall properties inside out.

The [Electrical Safety Standards in the Private Rented Sector Regulations 2020](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2020/312/contents/made) require landlords to have electrical installations inspected every five years. Since April 2021, this applies to all existing tenancies. According to [government guidance](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/electrical-safety-standards-in-the-private-rented-sector-guidance-for-landlords-tenants-and-local-authorities), landlords must provide reports to tenants within 28 days, to new tenants before occupancy, and to local authorities within seven days if requested. Penalties can reach £30,000.

Crumpsall's 6,020 households span everything from Victorian terraces to modern builds. Older properties around Crumpsall Lane and near the hospital often have electrical systems evolved over decades. We find mixed-era wiring in older homes, outdated fuse boxes without RCD protection, DIY modifications that don't meet regulations, overloaded circuits from modern appliances, and deteriorating cables in post-war properties.

Statistics show one in five new builds have electrical defects. Even newer Crumpsall developments need checking to verify electrical safety. The inspection must be conducted by a qualified and competent person, checking fixed electrical installations like wiring, sockets, light fittings, and consumer units for overloading, potential shock risks, and defective electrical work.

Our £150 price covers any domestic property in Crumpsall, whether it's a compact terrace, spacious semi-detached, or modern apartment. Being based nearby means we can usually fit you in within days. You receive your certificate and report the same day.

For landlords, compliance is essential. You need an EICR every five years and for each new tenancy. If reports show C1 (danger present) or C2 (potentially dangerous) codes, you must complete remedial work within 28 days and provide written confirmation to tenants and the local authority. With 31.9% of Crumpsall households being single-person occupancies and many properties being rentals, proper compliance protects everyone.

Property buyers should always get an EICR before completing purchases. Common discoveries include outdated consumer units needing upgrades costing £400 to £600, amateur electrical work requiring correction, and insufficient circuits for modern living. Finding these before purchase allows negotiating price reductions or requesting repairs.

Semi-detached houses, making up 56.4% of Crumpsall homes, often have post-war wiring that may be deteriorating, consumer units in understairs cupboards or garages, extensions with questionable electrical work, and adequate capacity but outdated safety features. Victorian and Edwardian terraces typically feature electrical systems modified multiple times, mixed cable types from different eras, limited circuits leading to overloading, and earth bonding that doesn't meet current standards.

Modern developments can have corners cut during construction, cheap components prone to early failure, incorrect circuit protection, and missing or inadequate earth bonding. Larger houses converted to flats sometimes have electrical work done without proper certification, shared supplies causing complications, inadequate separation between dwellings, and overloaded original infrastructure.

Our inspection includes thorough visual examination of all wiring, sockets, switches, lighting, and your consumer unit. We check for damage, overheating signs, amateur modifications, and general deterioration. Comprehensive testing covers earth continuity, insulation resistance, polarity, and RCD functionality. Professional calibrated equipment ensures accurate results meeting British Standards.

Your certificate clearly shows the property's condition. The report explains any issues in plain English, helping you understand what needs attention and why. Being local to Crumpsall means understanding common issues in post-war semis, Victorian property electrical challenges, which areas have specific infrastructure issues, and local contractor work quality patterns.

Our proximity provides quick response to inspection requests, no travel charges inflating costs, easy return visits if needed, and familiar faces you can trust. If we find problems, we explain what's wrong and why it needs fixing, with fair quotes for necessary work. Common remedial work includes consumer unit upgrades in older properties, additional RCD protection, replacement of damaged sockets and switches, and proper earthing installation.

We cover all of Crumpsall including Crumpsall Lane and surrounding areas, properties near North Manchester General Hospital, homes around Crumpsall Park, areas bordering Heaton Park, and the Blackley and Cheetham Hill borders. With 98.7% of residents living in households rather than communal establishments, most properties are regularly occupied family homes requiring proper electrical safety.

The diverse population, with 57.1% UK-born and 42.9% from overseas, means varying familiarity with UK electrical standards. We explain everything clearly, ensuring all residents understand their electrical safety regardless of background. Our £150 price includes everything with no hidden extras, travel charges, or certificate fees.

Ready to book your Crumpsall EICR? [Contact us today](/contact/).

Commit message:

docs(locations): revise content for Cheetham Hill and Crumpsall location pages
Updated the markdown content for EICR inspections, EV charging, and solar panel installation pages for Cheetham Hill and Crumpsall. Changes include rewriting service descriptions to a more personal and engaging tone, adding customer testimonials, clarifying pricing and legal requirements, emphasizing local expertise, and improving calls to action. These updates enhance clarity, local relevance, and customer trust.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/locations/crumpsall-eicr-inspections.md, after:

---
title: EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Crumpsall | £150 Same Day Certificate
description: Professional EICR electrical inspections in Crumpsall. £150 all domestic properties, same day certificates. NAPIT registered, 20+ years experience.
link_title: EICR Inspection
heading: EICR Inspections in Crumpsall
icon: /assets/icons/check.svg
permalink: /crumpsall-eicr-inspections/
tags: [crumpsall, eicr]
---

# EICR Electrical Safety Inspections in Crumpsall

Need an EICR in Crumpsall? I'm Ashley from Renegade Solar, just down the road in Prestwich. £150 flat rate, same day certificate, no hidden charges. NAPIT-registered with 20+ years' experience and a 9.61/10 Checkatrade rating.

## £150 All-In - Guaranteed

Semi-detached, Victorian terrace, bungalow, or flat - it's £150. No VAT surprises, no travel charges, no "extras" discovered halfway through. Just £150 for complete peace of mind.

"Ashley was super responsive and did an amazing job, will definitely use his services again in the future."

## Crumpsall Landlords - Stay Legal

[The law](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2020/312/contents/made) demands an EICR every five years. Penalties go up to £30,000. I'll have you compliant within days of calling.

Same-day certificates mean no waiting. If I find C1 or C2 issues, I'll explain clearly and quote fairly for fixes. No scaremongering, just facts.

## Buying in Crumpsall?

Get an EICR before completing. Crumpsall's mix of post-war semis, Victorian terraces, and newer builds all have their quirks. Find problems before purchase, not after.

"Ashley gave good advice re future electrical checking but didn't try to upsell - genuinely felt like he was telling me for my own benefit, not his."

## I Know Crumpsall Properties

Post-war semis often have deteriorating wiring. Victorian terraces near the hospital have mixed-era electrics. Even new builds can have corners cut. I've inspected them all.

If repairs are needed, I handle everything. Consumer unit upgrades, RCD protection, proper earthing - all at fair prices with no pressure.

## Why Choose Me?

Minutes away in Prestwich means quick response, no travel charges. My Checkatrade reviews tell the story - professional, honest, reliable.

From Blackley: "Absolutely fantastic work carried out by Ashley. Very reliable and friendly, would highly recommend."

## Get It Done Today

Don't risk fines, failed sales, or electrical dangers. Book your EICR with someone who knows Crumpsall and won't take advantage.

**£150 for complete electrical safety certification. [Contact me now](/contact/) to book your Crumpsall EICR.**
