src/locations/middleton-ev-charging.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Middleton | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Middleton by local NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service with excellent customer reviews.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-middleton/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Middleton
tags: [middleton]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
---

Serving Middleton with professional EV charger installations. Based nearby in Prestwich, we're perfectly positioned to provide fast, reliable service throughout the M24 area.

## Proven Track Record in Middleton

We've completed numerous successful EV charger installations throughout Middleton, earning excellent customer reviews for our professional approach and competitive pricing.

## What Middleton Customers Say

> "Ashley fitted me a car charger great price, really professional job would highly recommend"

> "Ashley was very professional on time, great price and excellent work would recommend"

> "Excellent work, on time and did what he said was needed. Wouldn't go with anyone else. Top work"

> "Ash is a great person to deal with reliable good communication, friendly and good workmanship, wouldn't hesitate to recommend him"

## Comprehensive EV Charging Solutions

- Standard 7kW and fast 22kW chargers available
- Smart chargers with app control and monitoring
- Integration with solar panels and home batteries
- OZEV grant-approved installations
- Full electrical certification provided

## Local Knowledge Advantage

Our extensive experience in Middleton means we understand the area's electrical infrastructure and can quickly identify the best charging solution for your property type and requirements.

**Get your free EV charger quote today. [Contact us](/contact/) to discuss your home charging needs.**

Commit message:

feat(locations): add EV charger range sections with Octopus and other options
Added 'Our Charger Range' sections across 12 location markdown files. This new content details experience installing Solax, AlphaESS, and the full range of Octopus chargers, highlighting smart time-of-use features for automatic, cost-effective charging. The update enhances info about smart charger options and integration with renewable energy systems across multiple location pages.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/locations/middleton-ev-charging.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Middleton | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Middleton by local NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service with excellent customer reviews.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-middleton/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Middleton
tags: [middleton]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
---

Serving Middleton with professional EV charger installations for electric cars. Based nearby in Prestwich, we're perfectly positioned to provide fast, reliable service throughout the M24 area.

## Proven Track Record in Middleton

We've completed numerous successful EV charger installations throughout Middleton, earning excellent customer reviews for our professional approach and competitive pricing.

## Our Charger Range

We're experienced installers of **Solax** and **AlphaESS** EV chargers, both excellent options that integrate seamlessly with their respective solar and battery systems. As an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, we also install the full range of Octopus chargers from their [EV charger programme](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/), which offer smart time-of-use features that automatically charge your car when electricity is cheapest.

If you've already got a specific charger in mind from another manufacturer, we're happy to install whatever works best for you – just order it and we'll get it fitted professionally.

## What Middleton Customers Say

> "Ashley fitted me a car charger great price, really professional job would highly recommend"

> "Ashley was very professional on time, great price and excellent work would recommend"

> "Excellent work, on time and did what he said was needed. Wouldn't go with anyone else. Top work"

> "Ash is a great person to deal with reliable good communication, friendly and good workmanship, wouldn't hesitate to recommend him"

## Comprehensive EV Charging Solutions

- Standard 7kW and fast 22kW chargers available
- Smart chargers with app control and monitoring
- Integration with solar panels and home batteries
- OZEV grant-approved installations
- Full electrical certification provided
- Octopus chargers with automatic time-of-use charging (as little as 7.5p per kWh overnight on Octopus Go, compared to 30-60p+ at public chargers)

## Local Knowledge Advantage

Our extensive experience in Middleton means we understand the area's electrical infrastructure and can quickly identify the best charging solution for your property type and requirements.

**Get your free EV charger quote today. [Contact us](/contact/) to discuss your home charging needs.**
