src/locations/prestwich-ev-charging.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Prestwich | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Prestwich by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging integration with solar panels and home batteries.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-prestwich/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Prestwich
tags: [prestwich]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
---

Based right here in Prestwich, Renegade Solar provides expert EV charger installations throughout the local area. As your local NAPIT-registered installer and Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, we understand exactly what Prestwich residents need for home EV charging.

## Why Prestwich Residents Need Home EV Charging

**Public charging is dear and a right faff** - While there are chargers dotted around at local supermarkets and the big Tesco, they're all pricey for daily use and often occupied when you need them most. Bury Council's got plans for public charging points in Prestwich town centre, but these will inevitably cost more than home charging and they're designed for the odd top-up, not your daily commute.

**Perfect for Manchester commuting** - Whether you're nipping into town via Bury New Road or taking the M60 to Trafford Park, having a fully charged car every morning means you'll never have to bother with expensive public charging for your daily runs. Compare home charging on Octopus Go at just 7.5p overnight versus 30-60p+ at public chargers, and you'll save a few tenners every time you charge.

**Slow charging works a treat** - Your home charger won't be a supercharger like you'll find at some public spots, but that's absolutely fine because you can charge slowly overnight when the leccy is dead cheap. Who needs rapid charging when you're tucked up in bed anyway?

## Prestwich Property Types and EV Solutions

**Victorian terraces** dominate central Prestwich, particularly around Bury New Road. These traditional houses often have rear access and yards, making them perfect for installing chargers in back gardens with cable runs to front street parking. We've completed dozens of these installations where residents park on Bury New Road or side streets. Many Victorian terraces have been modernised with adequate electrical capacity for 7kW charging, though we assess each property individually. For terraces without dedicated parking, we work creatively with residents to install chargers accessible from regular street parking spots.

**1930s semi-detached homes** are common around Prestwich Village and Sedgley Park. These properties typically have driveways perfect for wall-mounted chargers, and their electrical systems usually handle modern EV charging loads easily. These family homes often benefit from multiple charging points or future-proofing for second EVs as household needs grow.

**Modern developments** around Prestwich Hills and newer builds often come EV-ready with adequate electrical supplies and dedicated parking, making installations straightforward. Some developments even benefit from shared charging facilities that we can design and install for multiple residents.

## Local Infrastructure and Installation

The cracking grid infrastructure in Prestwich means our installations rarely need supply upgrades, keeping costs down and getting your charger installed quickly. Most Prestwich properties have the electrical capacity needed, making the whole process dead straightforward.

## Our Charger Range

We're experienced installers of **Solax** and **AlphaESS** EV chargers, both excellent options that integrate seamlessly with their respective solar and battery systems. As an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, we also install the full range of Octopus chargers from their [EV charger programme](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/), which offer smart time-of-use features that automatically charge your car when electricity is cheapest.

If you've already got a specific charger in mind from another manufacturer, we're happy to install whatever works best for you – just order it and we'll get it fitted professionally.

## Smart Integration for Prestwich Homes

Many Prestwich homes already have solar panels, and we configure chargers to prioritise free solar energy during the day - perfect for retirees or home workers who can charge while panels are generating. Time-of-use tariffs like Octopus Go offer 7.5p per kWh from 12:30-4:30am, meaning a typical Manchester commute costs under £2 for a full charge versus £15+ at public rapids. Battery storage systems, increasingly popular with forward-thinking Prestwich residents, can store cheap overnight electricity to charge electric cars during expensive peak periods.

The Octopus chargers are particularly clever – they automatically charge your electric vehicle during the cheapest overnight periods without you having to remember to plug in at specific times, making running an electric car incredibly affordable.

## Real Savings for Prestwich Families

A daily Manchester commute (15-mile round trip) costs £1.50 with home charging versus £8-10 at public chargers. Trafford Centre shopping trips (20-mile round trip) cost £2 at home versus £12+ at public rapids. Family days at Blackpool (120-mile round trip) cost £9 at home versus £45+ with public charging. Airport runs to Manchester (40-mile round trip) cost £4 at home versus £20+ at public chargers. Annual savings for typical Prestwich families reach £1,200-2,000 compared to relying on public charging.

## Installation Expertise for Prestwich Properties

We specialise in Victorian terrace installations, having solved countless challenging setups from rear-yard mounting to creative cable routing for front street parking. Where needed, we upgrade older electrical panels to handle modern EV charging safely and legally. Our installations respect Prestwich's character areas with neat, unobtrusive mounting that maintains property aesthetics. Most Prestwich installations complete within a day, often just a few hours for straightforward properties.

## Local Knowledge Advantage

Being based here means we understand Bury Council's requirements and any considerations for properties near conservation areas or the Prestwich Village Character Area. Having worked on hundreds of Prestwich properties, we quickly identify the best charging solutions for different house types and electrical configurations. Our local base means competitive pricing without travel charges that out-of-area installers add.

## What Our Customers Say

> "Ashley fitted an EV charger for me and provided lots of brilliant advice prior to doing so, as I was clueless on the whole thing. His advice even allowed me to keep costs down and his prices were the best quotes I had, with nothing reduced on the quality of his work."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system. During the job he found an earthing fault from previous work - and fixed this small job at no extra cost."

## Complete Installation Service

We provide free property surveys and consultations, specialising in Victorian terrace installations with OZEV grant-approved chargers and full NAPIT electrical certification. Our service includes smart tariff optimisation, solar and battery integration, consumer unit upgrades when needed, same-day completion, and ongoing local support. We install throughout Prestwich including Prestwich Village, Sedgley Park, Central Prestwich, Prestwich Hills, Simister, and all surrounding areas. Being based here means we can respond quickly to calls and provide ongoing support when needed.

**Your local EV charging specialist - based in Prestwich, working for Prestwich residents. Ready to start charging at home? [Contact us today](/contact/) for your free EV charger consultation.**

Commit message:

docs(locations): update EV charging pages with enhanced descriptions and smart charging benefits
This update rewrites the content across 12 location-specific EV charger installation pages. It adds detailed explanations about 7kW chargers versus granny chargers, smart integration with solar panels and home batteries, time-of-use tariffs like Octopus Go, and installation processes. The revisions emphasize cost savings, environmental benefits, and convenience for home charging in each area.

Co-authored-by: terragon-labs[bot] <terragon-labs[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/locations/prestwich-ev-charging.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Prestwich | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Prestwich by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging integration with solar panels and home batteries.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-prestwich/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Prestwich
tags: [prestwich]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
---

Based right here in Prestwich, Renegade Solar provides expert EV charger installations throughout the local area. As your local NAPIT-registered installer and Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, we understand exactly what Prestwich residents need for home EV charging.

## Why Prestwich Residents Need Home EV Charging

**Public charging is dear and a right faff** - While there are chargers dotted around at local supermarkets and the big Tesco, they're all pricey for daily use and often occupied when you need them most. Bury Council's got plans for public charging points in Prestwich town centre, but these will inevitably cost more than home charging and they're designed for the odd top-up, not your daily commute.

**Perfect for Manchester commuting** - Whether you're nipping into town via Bury New Road or taking the M60 to Trafford Park, having a fully charged car every morning means you'll never have to bother with expensive public charging for your daily runs. Compare home charging on Octopus Go at just 7.5p overnight versus 30-60p+ at public chargers, and you'll save a few tenners every time you charge.

**Slow charging works a treat** - Your home charger won't be a supercharger like you'll find at some public spots, but that's absolutely fine because you can charge slowly overnight when the leccy is dead cheap. Who needs rapid charging when you're tucked up in bed anyway?

## Prestwich Property Types and EV Solutions

**Victorian terraces** dominate central Prestwich, particularly around Bury New Road. These traditional houses often have rear access and yards, making them perfect for installing chargers in back gardens with cable runs to front street parking. We've completed dozens of these installations where residents park on Bury New Road or side streets. Many Victorian terraces have been modernised with adequate electrical capacity for 7kW charging, though we assess each property individually. For terraces without dedicated parking, we work creatively with residents to install chargers accessible from regular street parking spots.

**1930s semi-detached homes** are common around Prestwich Village and Sedgley Park. These properties typically have driveways perfect for wall-mounted chargers, and their electrical systems usually handle modern EV charging loads easily. These family homes often benefit from multiple charging points or future-proofing for second EVs as household needs grow.

**Modern developments** around Prestwich Hills and newer builds often come EV-ready with adequate electrical supplies and dedicated parking, making installations straightforward. Some developments even benefit from shared charging facilities that we can design and install for multiple residents.

## Local Infrastructure and Installation

The cracking grid infrastructure in Prestwich means our installations rarely need supply upgrades, keeping costs down and getting your charger installed quickly. Most Prestwich properties have the electrical capacity needed, making the whole process dead straightforward.

## Charging Speed Matters

With a proper 7kW charger, you can get your car fully charged overnight during the cheap electricity window. A granny charger that plugs into a regular socket? That'll take all day, which means you'll be charging during expensive daytime rates. Not ideal.

The new petrol and diesel car ban coming in 2030 means more people are switching to electric. Manchester's motorway connections - M60, M62 - mean there's no shortage of rapid chargers when you're doing longer trips. But for everyday driving around Prestwich and Manchester, home charging at 7.5p per kWh beats paying 30-60p at a public charger.

## Which Chargers We Fit

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we install their full [range of EV chargers](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). These are smart units that automatically charge when electricity is cheapest. You plug in whenever, the charger does the rest. On Octopus Go that's 7.5p per kWh in the early hours.

If you've got **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar panels or batteries, their chargers integrate nicely with those systems. We fit them too.

Bought a charger yourself already? No problem. We'll install whatever you've ordered.

## The Actual Installation Work

Chargers are weatherproof, so we can mount them wherever works for your parking - garage wall, house wall, doesn't matter. If we need to run cable from your consumer unit to the far side of the property, we use heavy duty armoured cable that's made for outdoor installation.

Most jobs are wrapped up in a day, and we keep mess to a minimum. Your consumer unit needs to meet current standards, but if you've already had solar or battery work done, it'll be fine. Even without solar, you can get a time-of-use electricity tariff for cheap overnight car charging.

## Real Savings for Prestwich Families

A daily Manchester commute (15-mile round trip) costs £1.50 with home charging versus £8-10 at public chargers. Trafford Centre shopping trips (20-mile round trip) cost £2 at home versus £12+ at public rapids. Family days at Blackpool (120-mile round trip) cost £9 at home versus £45+ with public charging. Airport runs to Manchester (40-mile round trip) cost £4 at home versus £20+ at public chargers. Annual savings for typical Prestwich families reach £1,200-2,000 compared to relying on public charging.

## Installation Expertise for Prestwich Properties

We specialise in Victorian terrace installations, having solved countless challenging setups from rear-yard mounting to creative cable routing for front street parking. Where needed, we upgrade older electrical panels to handle modern EV charging safely and legally. Our installations respect Prestwich's character areas with neat, unobtrusive mounting that maintains property aesthetics. Most Prestwich installations complete within a day, often just a few hours for straightforward properties.

## Local Knowledge Advantage

Being based here means we understand Bury Council's requirements and any considerations for properties near conservation areas or the Prestwich Village Character Area. Having worked on hundreds of Prestwich properties, we quickly identify the best charging solutions for different house types and electrical configurations. Our local base means competitive pricing without travel charges that out-of-area installers add.

## What Our Customers Say

> "Ashley fitted an EV charger for me and provided lots of brilliant advice prior to doing so, as I was clueless on the whole thing. His advice even allowed me to keep costs down and his prices were the best quotes I had, with nothing reduced on the quality of his work."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system. During the job he found an earthing fault from previous work - and fixed this small job at no extra cost."

## Complete Installation Service

We provide free property surveys and consultations, specialising in Victorian terrace installations with OZEV grant-approved chargers and full NAPIT electrical certification. Our service includes smart tariff optimisation, solar and battery integration, consumer unit upgrades when needed, same-day completion, and ongoing local support. We install throughout Prestwich including Prestwich Village, Sedgley Park, Central Prestwich, Prestwich Hills, Simister, and all surrounding areas. Being based here means we can respond quickly to calls and provide ongoing support when needed.

**Your local EV charging specialist - based in Prestwich, working for Prestwich residents. Ready to start charging at home? [Contact us today](/contact/) for your free EV charger consultation.**
