src/locations/stockport-ev-charging.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Stockport | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Stockport by NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service covering Bramhall, Marple Bridge and surrounding areas.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-stockport/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Stockport
tags: [stockport]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Professional EV charger installations throughout Stockport, including Bramhall, Marple Bridge and surrounding areas. NAPIT-registered service with smart charging technology.

## Stockport EV Charging Solutions

We provide expert EV charger installations across the Stockport area, working with all property types from traditional homes to modern developments.

## Advanced Integration

Our smart EV chargers can be integrated with solar panels and home battery systems, allowing you to charge your vehicle using clean, renewable energy at minimal cost.

## Quality Installation Service

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system."

## Complete EV Charging Package

- Free property survey and assessment
- Smart chargers with app control
- OZEV grant-approved installations
- Full NAPIT electrical certification
- Time-of-use tariff optimisation

## Stockport Coverage

We regularly serve customers throughout Stockport with the same professional approach and competitive pricing that's earned us excellent reviews across Greater Manchester.

**Get your EV charger installed professionally. [Contact us](/contact/) for your free consultation.**

Commit message:

Better EV Charging Location Pages with Terminology Consistency, Charger Details, and Localized Installation Info (#6)

src/locations/stockport-ev-charging.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Stockport | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Stockport by NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service covering Bramhall, Marple Bridge and surrounding areas.
permalink: /ev-charger-installer-stockport/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Stockport
tags: [stockport]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Professional EV charger installations throughout Stockport, including Bramhall, Marple Bridge and surrounding areas. NAPIT-registered service with smart charging technology for electric cars.

## Stockport EV Charging Solutions

We provide expert EV charger installations across the Stockport area, working with all property types from traditional homes to modern developments.

## Making the Switch to Electric

Petrol and diesel cars are being phased out - the government's set 2030 as the cut-off for new ones. Stockport's right on the motorway network (M60, M56, M6), so you've got plenty of options for rapid charging when you're heading further afield. But for your everyday driving, a home charger is the way to go.

Public chargers cost 30-60p per kWh. Home charging on a time-of-use tariff like Octopus Go? 7.5p overnight. That's a massive saving for anyone doing regular journeys.

## Installation Details

We can get your charger installed in a day. They're all weatherproof units, so mounting them outside is no issue - garage wall, house wall, wherever suits your parking. Cable needs to run from your consumer unit to the charger, and if that means going outside, we use heavy duty armoured cable designed for it.

Minimal mess, quick turnaround. Your consumer unit needs to be up to current standards, but if you've already got solar panels or a battery, it'll be sorted. Even if you don't have solar kit, you can still get on a cheap overnight electricity tariff for car charging.

## What We Install

Running **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar and battery gear? We fit their chargers - they work well together. We're also an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, which means we install any of [Octopus's EV chargers](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). Those are smart - they wait for cheap rates before charging your car automatically.

Prefer a different charger? Order what you want and we'll fit it.

## Why a 7kW Charger

A standard granny charger (the ones that plug into a normal socket) takes all day to charge your car. You'll be paying daytime electricity rates for most of it. A proper 7kW charger gets the job done overnight during the cheap window. Wake up to a full battery without paying through the nose.

## Quality Installation Service

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system."

## Complete EV Charging Package

- Free property survey and assessment
- Smart chargers with app control
- OZEV grant-approved installations
- Full NAPIT electrical certification
- Time-of-use tariff optimisation

## Stockport Coverage

We regularly serve customers throughout Stockport with the same professional approach and competitive pricing that's earned us excellent reviews across Greater Manchester.

**Get your EV charger installed professionally. [Contact us](/contact/) for your free consultation.**
