src/accreditations/checkatrade.md, before:

---
title: Checkatrade
logo: /assets/accreditation-logos/checkatrade.png
tooltip: We have a 9.6 out of 10 rating on Checkatrade.com after 80+ reviews
url: https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical
snippet: With an exceptional 9.6/10 rating from 80+ verified reviews, my Checkatrade membership provides independent verification of quality solar installations across North Manchester.
---

# Exceptional Checkatrade Reputation

As a vetted and monitored member of Checkatrade, I'm proud of my consistently high ratings on the UK's most trusted tradesperson directory.

## My Checkatrade Credentials

### Outstanding Customer Satisfaction: 9.6/10

After 80+ verified customer reviews, I've maintained an exceptional 9.6 out of 10 rating across Checkatrade's key metrics:

- **Quality of work:** 9.93/10
- **Reliability:** 9.89/10
- **Communication:** 9.67/10

### Rigorous Vetting Process

I've passed Checkatrade's comprehensive 12-point verification process, which includes:

- ID verification
- Business insurance checks
- Qualification verification
- Criminal record checks
- Customer reference verification

### Customer Protection

Work booked through Checkatrade comes with their Building Standards Guarantee, providing additional protection and peace of mind for your solar installation.

## What My Customers Say

"Professional, courteous, tidy and very efficient. Richard is knowledgeable and took the time to explain everything clearly. Would highly recommend." - _Recent Checkatrade review_

"Excellent workmanship. Good advice given. Very tidy, prompt and efficient." - _Verified Checkatrade customer_

## See For Yourself

Read all my [verified customer reviews on Checkatrade](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical) and discover why people across North Manchester trust Renegade Solar for quality installations.

## Ready to Work with a Top-Rated Installer?

[Contact me today](/contact/) to experience the same level of professionalism and expertise that's earned Renegade Solar one of North Manchester's highest Checkatrade ratings.

Commit message:

Refactor site copy from singular (I/my/me) to plural (we/our/us)
The team is now plural while Ashley remains hands-on with every job.
Changed first-person singular pronouns to plural across all 49
content files. Customer testimonials in blockquotes are preserved
unchanged. Rewrote biographical intros (e.g. "I'm Ashley") to use
team-oriented phrasing ("We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley").
Fixed grammar adjustments (am -> are, was -> were) for plural
subject-verb agreement.

https://claude.ai/code/session_011xrZsSmC2wjs2skbr6hQZm

src/accreditations/checkatrade.md, after:

---
title: Checkatrade
logo: /assets/accreditation-logos/checkatrade.png
tooltip: We have a 9.6 out of 10 rating on Checkatrade.com after 80+ reviews
url: https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical
snippet: With an exceptional 9.6/10 rating from 80+ verified reviews, our Checkatrade membership provides independent verification of quality solar installations across North Manchester.
---

# Exceptional Checkatrade Reputation

As a vetted and monitored member of Checkatrade, we're proud of our consistently high ratings on the UK's most trusted tradesperson directory.

## Our Checkatrade Credentials

### Outstanding Customer Satisfaction: 9.6/10

After 80+ verified customer reviews, we've maintained an exceptional 9.6 out of 10 rating across Checkatrade's key metrics:

- **Quality of work:** 9.93/10
- **Reliability:** 9.89/10
- **Communication:** 9.67/10

### Rigorous Vetting Process

We've passed Checkatrade's comprehensive 12-point verification process, which includes:

- ID verification
- Business insurance checks
- Qualification verification
- Criminal record checks
- Customer reference verification

### Customer Protection

Work booked through Checkatrade comes with their Building Standards Guarantee, providing additional protection and peace of mind for your solar installation.

## What Our Customers Say

"Professional, courteous, tidy and very efficient. Richard is knowledgeable and took the time to explain everything clearly. Would highly recommend." - _Recent Checkatrade review_

"Excellent workmanship. Good advice given. Very tidy, prompt and efficient." - _Verified Checkatrade customer_

## See For Yourself

Read all our [verified customer reviews on Checkatrade](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical) and discover why people across North Manchester trust Renegade Solar for quality installations.

## Ready to Work with a Top-Rated Installer?

[Contact us today](/contact/) to experience the same level of professionalism and expertise that's earned Renegade Solar one of North Manchester's highest Checkatrade ratings.
