src/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner.md, before:

---
title: Octopus Trusted Partner
logo: /assets/accreditation-logos/octopus-trusted-partner.png
tooltip: A verified installation partner for Octopus Energy's renewable energy solutions
url: https://octopus.energy
snippet: Octopus Energy Trusted Partner status means your solar installation meets stringent quality standards from the UK's leading renewable energy supplier.
---

# Octopus Energy Trusted Partner

As an [official Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](https://octopus.energy/Octopus-Trusted-Partners/), I've been vetted and approved to deliver high-quality installations for Octopus customers across North Manchester.

## What This Means For You

This partnership allows me to provide seamless installation services for:

- Electric vehicle chargers
- Solar panel systems
- Home battery storage solutions

My trusted status means Octopus Energy recommends my services directly to their customers, reflecting their confidence in my workmanship and customer service.

## Local Expertise, National Standards

Based in North Manchester, I combine local knowledge with the backing of one of the UK's leading renewable energy providers. This ensures you receive personalised service that meets Octopus Energy's exacting standards.

## Shared Commitment to Sustainability

Like Octopus Energy, I'm committed to helping households reduce their carbon footprint through reliable, efficient renewable energy solutions that save you money while protecting the environment.

For renewable energy installations from a verified Octopus Energy partner in North Manchester, [contact Renegade Solar today](/contact/).

Commit message:

Refactor site copy from singular (I/my/me) to plural (we/our/us)
The team is now plural while Ashley remains hands-on with every job.
Changed first-person singular pronouns to plural across all 49
content files. Customer testimonials in blockquotes are preserved
unchanged. Rewrote biographical intros (e.g. "I'm Ashley") to use
team-oriented phrasing ("We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley").
Fixed grammar adjustments (am -> are, was -> were) for plural
subject-verb agreement.

https://claude.ai/code/session_011xrZsSmC2wjs2skbr6hQZm

src/accreditations/octopus-trusted-partner.md, after:

---
title: Octopus Trusted Partner
logo: /assets/accreditation-logos/octopus-trusted-partner.png
tooltip: A verified installation partner for Octopus Energy's renewable energy solutions
url: https://octopus.energy
snippet: Octopus Energy Trusted Partner status means your solar installation meets stringent quality standards from the UK's leading renewable energy supplier.
---

# Octopus Energy Trusted Partner

As an [official Octopus Energy Trusted Partner](https://octopus.energy/Octopus-Trusted-Partners/), we've been vetted and approved to deliver high-quality installations for Octopus customers across North Manchester.

## What This Means For You

This partnership allows us to provide seamless installation services for:

- Electric vehicle chargers
- Solar panel systems
- Home battery storage solutions

Our trusted status means Octopus Energy recommends our services directly to their customers, reflecting their confidence in our workmanship and customer service.

## Local Expertise, National Standards

Based in North Manchester, we combine local knowledge with the backing of one of the UK's leading renewable energy providers. This ensures you receive personalised service that meets Octopus Energy's exacting standards.

## Shared Commitment to Sustainability

Like Octopus Energy, we're committed to helping households reduce their carbon footprint through reliable, efficient renewable energy solutions that save you money while protecting the environment.

For renewable energy installations from a verified Octopus Energy partner in North Manchester, [contact Renegade Solar today](/contact/).
