src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/blackley.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Blackley | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Blackley by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging solutions with solar integration available.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-blackley/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Blackley
tags: [blackley]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Expert EV charger installations throughout Blackley. As your local NAPIT-registered installer, we provide professional charging solutions for electric cars tailored to your property and driving needs.

## Local EV Charging Service

Based nearby in Prestwich, we serve the Blackley area with comprehensive EV charger installation services. Our local knowledge ensures installations that work perfectly with your home's electrical system.

## Charging Your Car at Home

You'll need a 7kW charger to make the most of cheap overnight rates. Granny chargers that plug into regular sockets are slow - they'll take all day, which means you're charging during expensive daytime hours. A proper wall-mounted charger gets your car topped up overnight when electricity is dirt cheap.

The chargers are weatherproof, so we can mount them outside no problem. Garage wall, house wall, wherever works for your parking. Cable runs from your consumer unit to the charger - if that's a long run or needs to go outside, we use heavy duty armoured cable that's built for it.

Installations are wrapped up in a day, mess is minimal. Your consumer unit needs to meet current standards, but if you've had solar or battery work done already, it will. You don't need solar to get cheap overnight electricity though - time-of-use tariffs are available to anyone.

## The Chargers We Fit

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we install the full [Octopus EV charger range](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). These are smart chargers that automatically charge when electricity is cheapest - you just plug in and they sort the rest. On Octopus Go that's 7.5p per kWh overnight, compared to 30-60p at public chargers.

If you're running **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar panels or batteries, their chargers integrate nicely. We fit those regularly.

Already ordered a charger yourself? That's fine. We'll install whatever you've got.

## Electric Cars Are Coming

The 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel cars is getting closer. Blackley's well connected to Manchester's motorways (M60, M62), so rapid chargers for longer trips aren't hard to find. But for everyday driving - work, shops, school runs - home charging at 7.5p per kWh beats paying 30-60p at public chargers every time.

## Customer Testimonials

> "Ashley was amazing! He removed my EV charger from my old house and came back and reinstalled at my new house... would highly recommend and wouldn't use anybody else now for any electrical work."

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

## Professional Installation Features

- NAPIT-registered electrical certification
- Smart chargers with mobile app control
- Integration with time-of-use tariffs
- Solar panel and battery compatibility
- Same-day installation available

## Why Choose Local Installation

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician assesses your property - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

Our proximity to Blackley means quick response times for surveys and installations, plus ongoing support when you need it. We understand the local housing mix and can recommend the most cost-effective charging solution.

**Ready to charge at home? [Contact us](/contact/) for your free EV charger consultation and quote.**

Commit message:

Vary electrician vs salesperson messaging and remove unused redirects
- Diversify the "electrician not salesperson" messaging across all location
  pages so it doesn't sound templated. Each page now has unique phrasing.
- Integrate the messaging into existing paragraphs where appropriate rather
  than always as standalone paragraphs
- Remove redirect_from entries from new Hale/Hale Barns pages since they're
  new pages without old URLs to redirect

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/blackley.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Blackley | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Blackley by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging solutions with solar integration available.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-blackley/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Blackley
tags: [blackley]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Expert EV charger installations throughout Blackley. As your local NAPIT-registered installer, we provide professional charging solutions for electric cars tailored to your property and driving needs.

## Local EV Charging Service

Based nearby in Prestwich, we serve the Blackley area with comprehensive EV charger installation services. Our local knowledge ensures installations that work perfectly with your home's electrical system.

## Charging Your Car at Home

You'll need a 7kW charger to make the most of cheap overnight rates. Granny chargers that plug into regular sockets are slow - they'll take all day, which means you're charging during expensive daytime hours. A proper wall-mounted charger gets your car topped up overnight when electricity is dirt cheap.

The chargers are weatherproof, so we can mount them outside no problem. Garage wall, house wall, wherever works for your parking. Cable runs from your consumer unit to the charger - if that's a long run or needs to go outside, we use heavy duty armoured cable that's built for it.

Installations are wrapped up in a day, mess is minimal. Your consumer unit needs to meet current standards, but if you've had solar or battery work done already, it will. You don't need solar to get cheap overnight electricity though - time-of-use tariffs are available to anyone.

## The Chargers We Fit

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we install the full [Octopus EV charger range](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). These are smart chargers that automatically charge when electricity is cheapest - you just plug in and they sort the rest. On Octopus Go that's 7.5p per kWh overnight, compared to 30-60p at public chargers.

If you're running **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar panels or batteries, their chargers integrate nicely. We fit those regularly.

Already ordered a charger yourself? That's fine. We'll install whatever you've got.

## Electric Cars Are Coming

The 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel cars is getting closer. Blackley's well connected to Manchester's motorways (M60, M62), so rapid chargers for longer trips aren't hard to find. But for everyday driving - work, shops, school runs - home charging at 7.5p per kWh beats paying 30-60p at public chargers every time.

## Customer Testimonials

> "Ashley was amazing! He removed my EV charger from my old house and came back and reinstalled at my new house... would highly recommend and wouldn't use anybody else now for any electrical work."

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

## Professional Installation Features

- NAPIT-registered electrical certification
- Smart chargers with mobile app control
- Integration with time-of-use tariffs
- Solar panel and battery compatibility
- Same-day installation available

## Why Choose Local Installation

We don't do sales teams. Ashley visits to assess your property himself - as a qualified electrician, he'll tell you what you actually need rather than trying to upsell you. Our proximity to Blackley means quick response times for surveys and installations, plus ongoing support when you need it. We understand the local housing mix and can recommend the most cost-effective charging solution.

**Ready to charge at home? [Contact us](/contact/) for your free EV charger consultation and quote.**
