src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/bolton.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Bolton | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Bolton by NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service for homes and businesses as Bolton expands its charging infrastructure.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-bolton/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Bolton
tags: [bolton]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Professional EV charger installations throughout Bolton for homes and businesses. NAPIT-registered service with smart charging technology, supporting Bolton's growing electric car infrastructure.

## Bolton's Electric Vehicle Revolution

Bolton Council has committed £2.3M to roll out at least 400 electric vehicle charging points across the borough by 2028. This ambitious programme prioritises high-density residential areas and underserved neighbourhoods, with 150 charging points planned for installation in the first phase alone (2025-2026).

With Bolton currently having fewer than 80 public charge points, this expansion represents a transformative shift in the town's electric vehicle infrastructure. As Bolton works towards its net-zero carbon target by 2038, home and workplace charging becomes essential for the thousands of residents making the switch to electric cars.

## EV Solutions for Bolton Properties

Bolton's housing landscape is dominated by terraced and semi-detached properties, which together make up 70% of the town's homes. We provide expert EV charger installations across all Bolton property types, from traditional Victorian terraces in areas like Farnworth and Great Lever to modern developments in Horwich and Lostock.

For Bolton's many terraced properties where off-street parking may be limited, we can advise on the best charging solutions and work within any planning requirements. The council's focus on high-density residential areas means public charging is expanding, but home charging remains the most convenient and cost-effective option where possible.

For businesses across Bolton's growing economy, workplace charging is becoming essential. With the University of Bolton targeting 20,000 students and Bolton's manufacturing, logistics, and professional services sectors expanding, staff increasingly need workplace charging facilities.

## Chargers We Install

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, which means we can install any of the chargers from [Octopus's EV charger programme](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). These are proper smart chargers that'll charge your car automatically when electricity is cheapest - usually overnight. If you're on something like Octopus Go, that's 7.5p per kWh compared to the 30-60p you'd pay at a public charger. The charger does all the thinking for you, so you just plug in whenever and it waits for the cheap rates.

We also fit **Solax** and **AlphaESS** chargers if you've got their solar panels or batteries already. They talk to each other nicely. But honestly, if you've got a charger you want from anywhere else, just order it and we'll fit it. We're not fussy.

## Why Home Charging Makes Sense

With the government banning new petrol and diesel cars from 2030, electric's the way forward. Bolton's well connected to the motorway network - M61, M60, M62 - so there's plenty of rapid chargers if you need a quick top-up on a long trip. But for day-to-day driving, charging at home is miles cheaper and more convenient.

A 7kW charger will top up your car overnight during the cheap rate window. Compare that to a granny charger that plugs into a normal socket - those take all day and you'd miss the cheap rates entirely. With a proper charger installed, you wake up to a full battery every morning for a couple of quid.

## The Installation

The install's straightforward. The chargers are weatherproof so we can mount them wherever works best - garage wall, outside wall, wherever's convenient for your parking spot. If we need to run cable from your fuse board to the other side of the house, that's fine. We use proper heavy duty armoured cable that can go outside no problem.

Most jobs are done in a day, mess is minimal. Your fuse board needs to be up to spec, but if you've already got solar panels or a battery, it will be anyway. Even if you haven't got solar, you can still get a time-of-use tariff just for cheap overnight car charging.

## Quality Installation Service

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system."

## Complete EV Charging Package

Every installation begins with a free property survey and assessment to ensure the perfect charger solution for your needs. We install smart chargers with app control, giving you complete visibility and control over your car's charging from your smartphone.

All our installations are OZEV grant-approved and come with full NAPIT electrical certification, ensuring compliance with current regulations. We can integrate your charger with existing [solar panels](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) and [battery systems](/services/home-battery-installations/) for renewable vehicle charging.

## Bolton Coverage

Well connected via the M61 motorway, Bolton is at the heart of Greater Manchester's transport network. We serve customers throughout Bolton with the same professional approach and competitive pricing that's earned us excellent reviews across the region.

**Get your EV charger installed professionally. [Contact us](/contact/) for your free consultation.**

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/bolton.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Bolton | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Bolton by NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service for homes and businesses as Bolton expands its charging infrastructure.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-bolton/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Bolton
tags: [bolton]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Professional EV charger installations throughout Bolton for homes and businesses. NAPIT-registered service with smart charging technology, supporting Bolton's growing electric car infrastructure.

## Bolton's Electric Vehicle Revolution

Bolton Council has committed £2.3M to roll out at least 400 electric vehicle charging points across the borough by 2028. This ambitious programme prioritises high-density residential areas and underserved neighbourhoods, with 150 charging points planned for installation in the first phase alone (2025-2026).

With Bolton currently having fewer than 80 public charge points, this expansion represents a transformative shift in the town's electric vehicle infrastructure. As Bolton works towards its net-zero carbon target by 2038, home and workplace charging becomes essential for the thousands of residents making the switch to electric cars.

## EV Solutions for Bolton Properties

Bolton's housing landscape is dominated by terraced and semi-detached properties, which together make up 70% of the town's homes. We provide expert EV charger installations across all Bolton property types, from traditional Victorian terraces in areas like Farnworth and Great Lever to modern developments in Horwich and Lostock.

For Bolton's many terraced properties where off-street parking may be limited, we can advise on the best charging solutions and work within any planning requirements. The council's focus on high-density residential areas means public charging is expanding, but home charging remains the most convenient and cost-effective option where possible.

For businesses across Bolton's growing economy, workplace charging is becoming essential. With the University of Bolton targeting 20,000 students and Bolton's manufacturing, logistics, and professional services sectors expanding, staff increasingly need workplace charging facilities.

## Chargers We Install

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, which means we can install any of the chargers from [Octopus's EV charger programme](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). These are proper smart chargers that'll charge your car automatically when electricity is cheapest - usually overnight. If you're on something like Octopus Go, that's 7.5p per kWh compared to the 30-60p you'd pay at a public charger. The charger does all the thinking for you, so you just plug in whenever and it waits for the cheap rates.

We also fit **Solax** and **AlphaESS** chargers if you've got their solar panels or batteries already. They talk to each other nicely. But honestly, if you've got a charger you want from anywhere else, just order it and we'll fit it. We're not fussy.

## Why Home Charging Makes Sense

With the government banning new petrol and diesel cars from 2030, electric's the way forward. Bolton's well connected to the motorway network - M61, M60, M62 - so there's plenty of rapid chargers if you need a quick top-up on a long trip. But for day-to-day driving, charging at home is miles cheaper and more convenient.

A 7kW charger will top up your car overnight during the cheap rate window. Compare that to a granny charger that plugs into a normal socket - those take all day and you'd miss the cheap rates entirely. With a proper charger installed, you wake up to a full battery every morning for a couple of quid.

## The Installation

The install's straightforward. The chargers are weatherproof so we can mount them wherever works best - garage wall, outside wall, wherever's convenient for your parking spot. If we need to run cable from your fuse board to the other side of the house, that's fine. We use proper heavy duty armoured cable that can go outside no problem.

Most jobs are done in a day, mess is minimal. Your fuse board needs to be up to spec, but if you've already got solar panels or a battery, it will be anyway. Even if you haven't got solar, you can still get a time-of-use tariff just for cheap overnight car charging.

## Quality Installation Service

> "Fantastic communication, fantastic workmanship and a genuinely nice chap. Would not hesitate to recommend and will be using again."

> "Ashley was friendly, knowledgeable and did a great job. He ensured that our new GivEnergy charger was properly integrated with the solar and battery system."

## Complete EV Charging Package

Every installation begins with a free property survey by a qualified electrician - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved. We install smart chargers with app control, giving you complete visibility and control over your car's charging from your smartphone.

All our installations are OZEV grant-approved and come with full NAPIT electrical certification, ensuring compliance with current regulations. We can integrate your charger with existing [solar panels](/services/solar-and-battery-installations/) and [battery systems](/services/home-battery-installations/) for renewable vehicle charging.

## Bolton Coverage

Well connected via the M61 motorway, Bolton is at the heart of Greater Manchester's transport network. We serve customers throughout Bolton with the same professional approach and competitive pricing that's earned us excellent reviews across the region.

**Get your EV charger installed professionally. [Contact us](/contact/) for your free consultation.**
