src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/bury.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Bury | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Bury by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging solutions with competitive pricing.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-bury/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Bury
tags: [bury]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Expert EV charger installations throughout Bury. We provide professional charging solutions for electric cars with smart technology and seamless integration with renewable energy systems.

## Bury EV Charging Service

Serving the Bury area with comprehensive EV charger installations. Our NAPIT registration ensures all work meets the highest electrical safety standards with full certification provided.

## Quick and Tidy Installation

The installation itself is fast - we'll have you done in a day. The charger units are all weatherproof, so we can stick them wherever makes sense for your parking spot. Need it on an outside wall with cable running round from your consumer unit? No worries. We run heavy duty armoured cable that's designed to go outside.

Mess is minimal. Your consumer unit will need to be up to date, but if you've already got solar panels or a home battery fitted, it'll already be up to scratch. And even if you haven't got any of that renewable stuff, you can still sign up for a time-of-use tariff to get cheap overnight charging.

## The Chargers

Got **Solax** or **AlphaESS** gear already? Their chargers work nicely with their own solar and battery kit. We fit those regularly. We're also an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we can get you any of the chargers from [Octopus's range](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/).

The Octopus ones are smart - they'll wait until electricity is dirt cheap (7.5p per kWh on Octopus Go) before charging your car. That's a massive difference from the 30-60p you'd pay at a public charger. You just plug in when you get home and forget about it.

Or if you've already picked out a charger yourself, that's fine too. Order it and we'll fit it.

## Why Bother With Home Charging

The government's putting a stop to new petrol and diesel cars in 2030, so we're all heading electric eventually. Bury's got decent access to the motorway network, so if you're doing a long trip you can top up at a services. But for your regular driving - work, shops, ferrying kids about - home charging is loads cheaper.

A 7kW charger gets your car topped up overnight during the cheap window. Try doing that with a granny charger that plugs into a normal socket - it'll take all day and you'll be paying peak rates. Proper charger means you wake up with a full battery for a couple of quid.

## Customer Experience

> "Ashley fitted an EV charger for me and provided lots of brilliant advice prior to doing so, as I was clueless on the whole thing. His advice even allowed me to keep costs down and his prices were the best quotes I had."

> "Ashley was very professional on time, great price and excellent work would recommend"

## Professional Installation Process

- Detailed property electrical assessment
- Competitive quotes with transparent pricing
- OZEV grant-approved charging units
- Complete NAPIT electrical certification
- Integration with existing solar systems

## Local Expertise

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician assesses your property - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

Based nearby in Prestwich, we understand Bury's diverse housing stock and can recommend the most suitable EV charging solution for your specific property and driving requirements.

**Ready to install your home EV charger? [Contact us](/contact/) for a free consultation and quote.**

Commit message:

Vary electrician vs salesperson messaging and remove unused redirects
- Diversify the "electrician not salesperson" messaging across all location
  pages so it doesn't sound templated. Each page now has unique phrasing.
- Integrate the messaging into existing paragraphs where appropriate rather
  than always as standalone paragraphs
- Remove redirect_from entries from new Hale/Hale Barns pages since they're
  new pages without old URLs to redirect

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/bury.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Bury | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Bury by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging solutions with competitive pricing.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-bury/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Bury
tags: [bury]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Expert EV charger installations throughout Bury. We provide professional charging solutions for electric cars with smart technology and seamless integration with renewable energy systems.

## Bury EV Charging Service

Serving the Bury area with comprehensive EV charger installations. Our NAPIT registration ensures all work meets the highest electrical safety standards with full certification provided.

## Quick and Tidy Installation

The installation itself is fast - we'll have you done in a day. The charger units are all weatherproof, so we can stick them wherever makes sense for your parking spot. Need it on an outside wall with cable running round from your consumer unit? No worries. We run heavy duty armoured cable that's designed to go outside.

Mess is minimal. Your consumer unit will need to be up to date, but if you've already got solar panels or a home battery fitted, it'll already be up to scratch. And even if you haven't got any of that renewable stuff, you can still sign up for a time-of-use tariff to get cheap overnight charging.

## The Chargers

Got **Solax** or **AlphaESS** gear already? Their chargers work nicely with their own solar and battery kit. We fit those regularly. We're also an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we can get you any of the chargers from [Octopus's range](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/).

The Octopus ones are smart - they'll wait until electricity is dirt cheap (7.5p per kWh on Octopus Go) before charging your car. That's a massive difference from the 30-60p you'd pay at a public charger. You just plug in when you get home and forget about it.

Or if you've already picked out a charger yourself, that's fine too. Order it and we'll fit it.

## Why Bother With Home Charging

The government's putting a stop to new petrol and diesel cars in 2030, so we're all heading electric eventually. Bury's got decent access to the motorway network, so if you're doing a long trip you can top up at a services. But for your regular driving - work, shops, ferrying kids about - home charging is loads cheaper.

A 7kW charger gets your car topped up overnight during the cheap window. Try doing that with a granny charger that plugs into a normal socket - it'll take all day and you'll be paying peak rates. Proper charger means you wake up with a full battery for a couple of quid.

## Customer Experience

> "Ashley fitted an EV charger for me and provided lots of brilliant advice prior to doing so, as I was clueless on the whole thing. His advice even allowed me to keep costs down and his prices were the best quotes I had."

> "Ashley was very professional on time, great price and excellent work would recommend"

## Professional Installation Process

- Detailed property electrical assessment
- Competitive quotes with transparent pricing
- OZEV grant-approved charging units
- Complete NAPIT electrical certification
- Integration with existing solar systems

## Local Expertise

No call centres or pushy sales reps - when you get in touch, Ashley comes out to assess your property himself. He's a qualified electrician, so you get proper technical advice rather than a script. Based nearby in Prestwich, we understand Bury's diverse housing stock and can recommend the most suitable EV charging solution for your specific property and driving requirements.

**Ready to install your home EV charger? [Contact us](/contact/) for a free consultation and quote.**
