src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/cheetham-hill.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Cheetham Hill | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Cheetham Hill by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging integration with solar panels and home batteries.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-cheetham-hill/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Cheetham Hill
tags: [cheetham-hill]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [18] - M9 Blackley customer on quick turnaround
---

# EV Charger Installations in Cheetham Hill

Need an EV charger installed in Cheetham Hill? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, your local NAPIT-registered electrician based in nearby Prestwich. As an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner with a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/), we'll get your home charging sorted properly.

## Save Thousands on Charging Costs

Public charging at Manchester Fort costs 30-60p per kWh. Home charging on Octopus Go costs just 7.5p overnight. That daily commute into Manchester? Under £2 at home versus over £10 at public chargers. Over a year, you'll save £1,500-2,000 by charging at home.

The [government's EV grant](https://www.gov.uk/electric-vehicle-chargepoint-grant-household) covers up to £350 off installation costs. We're OZEV-approved and handle all the paperwork, making the process straightforward.

## Cheetham Hill Properties? No Problem

Whether you've got a Victorian terrace, semi-detached with a drive, or a flat with allocated parking, we'll find a solution that works. We've installed chargers using rear access points, cable runs to front parking, and we've worked with property management for shared facilities. We'll always be clear about what's being done and where the cabling needs to go.

## Fast, Tidy Installation

The charger install is quick - done in a day, usually half a day for straightforward setups. The units are weatherproof, so they can go wherever makes sense for your parking spot. If your consumer unit is on the other side of the house from where you park, no worries - we run heavy duty armoured cable that's designed to go outside.

Minimal mess, and your consumer unit needs to be up to spec. If you've got solar panels or a battery already, it will be. If not, you can still get on a cheap overnight tariff just for charging your car.

## What Goes In

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we fit any of the [Octopus EV chargers](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). Smart units that charge your car when rates are cheapest - 7.5p per kWh on Octopus Go versus the 30-60p you'd pay at a public charger. Just plug in, they handle the timing.

Got **Solax** or **AlphaESS** kit? Their chargers integrate with their solar and battery systems. We fit those too.

Or if you've bought something else, that's fine. We'll install whatever charger you want.

## Why Home Charging Beats Public

With new petrol and diesel cars being banned from 2030, electric's where we're all heading. Manchester's motorway network means rapid chargers are easy to find for longer trips. But day-to-day? Home charging costs a fraction of public charging.

A 7kW charger tops up your car overnight during the cheap window. Granny chargers that plug into normal sockets take all day - you'll miss the cheap rates and pay way more. Proper charger means you wake up ready to go for a couple of quid.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar?

We're based minutes away in Prestwich, so there's no travel charges or waiting around. We'll give you honest advice about the best charger for your needs and budget. Most installations complete in half a day, and we handle everything – including any electrical upgrades you might need. One Blackley customer had their charger installed within days of first contact – that's the quick turnaround you can expect.

## Ready to Start Saving?

Stop paying a fortune at public chargers. With home charging, you'll wake up to a fully charged car every morning – and it'll cost you a fraction of what you're paying now.

**Get your EV charger installed by a trusted local electrician. [Contact us today](/contact/) for a straightforward quote.**

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/cheetham-hill.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Cheetham Hill | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Cheetham Hill by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging integration with solar panels and home batteries.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-cheetham-hill/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Cheetham Hill
tags: [cheetham-hill]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [18] - M9 Blackley customer on quick turnaround
---

# EV Charger Installations in Cheetham Hill

Need an EV charger installed in Cheetham Hill? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, your local NAPIT-registered electrician based in nearby Prestwich. As an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner with a [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/), we'll get your home charging sorted properly.

## Save Thousands on Charging Costs

Public charging at Manchester Fort costs 30-60p per kWh. Home charging on Octopus Go costs just 7.5p overnight. That daily commute into Manchester? Under £2 at home versus over £10 at public chargers. Over a year, you'll save £1,500-2,000 by charging at home.

The [government's EV grant](https://www.gov.uk/electric-vehicle-chargepoint-grant-household) covers up to £350 off installation costs. We're OZEV-approved and handle all the paperwork, making the process straightforward.

## Cheetham Hill Properties? No Problem

Whether you've got a Victorian terrace, semi-detached with a drive, or a flat with allocated parking, we'll find a solution that works. We've installed chargers using rear access points, cable runs to front parking, and we've worked with property management for shared facilities. We'll always be clear about what's being done and where the cabling needs to go.

## Fast, Tidy Installation

The charger install is quick - done in a day, usually half a day for straightforward setups. The units are weatherproof, so they can go wherever makes sense for your parking spot. If your consumer unit is on the other side of the house from where you park, no worries - we run heavy duty armoured cable that's designed to go outside.

Minimal mess, and your consumer unit needs to be up to spec. If you've got solar panels or a battery already, it will be. If not, you can still get on a cheap overnight tariff just for charging your car.

## What Goes In

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we fit any of the [Octopus EV chargers](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). Smart units that charge your car when rates are cheapest - 7.5p per kWh on Octopus Go versus the 30-60p you'd pay at a public charger. Just plug in, they handle the timing.

Got **Solax** or **AlphaESS** kit? Their chargers integrate with their solar and battery systems. We fit those too.

Or if you've bought something else, that's fine. We'll install whatever charger you want.

## Why Home Charging Beats Public

With new petrol and diesel cars being banned from 2030, electric's where we're all heading. Manchester's motorway network means rapid chargers are easy to find for longer trips. But day-to-day? Home charging costs a fraction of public charging.

A 7kW charger tops up your car overnight during the cheap window. Granny chargers that plug into normal sockets take all day - you'll miss the cheap rates and pay way more. Proper charger means you wake up ready to go for a couple of quid.

## Why Choose Renegade Solar?

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician assesses your property - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

We're based minutes away in Prestwich, so there's no travel charges or waiting around. We'll give you honest advice about the best charger for your needs and budget. Most installations complete in half a day, and we handle everything – including any electrical upgrades you might need. One Blackley customer had their charger installed within days of first contact – that's the quick turnaround you can expect.

## Ready to Start Saving?

Stop paying a fortune at public chargers. With home charging, you'll wake up to a fully charged car every morning – and it'll cost you a fraction of what you're paying now.

**Get your EV charger installed by a trusted local electrician. [Contact us today](/contact/) for a straightforward quote.**
