src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/crumpsall.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Crumpsall by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging integration with solar panels and home batteries.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-crumpsall/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall
tags: [crumpsall]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [18] - M9 customer on quick turnaround
---

# EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall

Need an EV charger in Crumpsall? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, based in nearby Prestwich. NAPIT-registered and an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, we'll get your home charging sorted – without the hassle.

## Cut Your Transport Costs by 85%

Public charging costs 30-60p per kWh. Home charging on Octopus Go? Just 7.5p overnight. Your daily Manchester commute drops from over £10 to under £2. That's £1,500-2,000 saved annually for typical Crumpsall families.

The [government grant](https://www.gov.uk/electric-vehicle-chargepoint-grant-household) gives you up to £350 off installation. We're OZEV-approved and we'll handle all the paperwork.

## Crumpsall Properties Sorted

Semi-detached with a drive? Perfect for a standard wall-mounted charger. Victorian terrace near the hospital? We've installed chargers using rear access, cable runs to front parking – whatever works. Bungalow with side parking? Easy installation with minimal disruption.

## Why 7kW Matters

Granny chargers that plug into a regular socket? Useless for taking advantage of cheap overnight rates - they're too slow and take all day. You end up charging during expensive daytime electricity. A proper 7kW wall charger gets your car done overnight when rates are dirt cheap.

Crumpsall's got good access to Manchester's motorways (M60, M62), so rapid chargers for long trips are around. But for everyday driving, home charging at 7.5p per kWh on Octopus Go beats paying 30-60p at public chargers. With the 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel cars coming, we're all heading electric anyway.

## What We Fit

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we install their full [range of EV chargers](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). Smart chargers that wait for cheap rates before charging your car. You plug in when you get home, the charger handles the rest. On Octopus Go that's 7.5p per kWh overnight.

Got **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar or battery kit? We fit their chargers too - they integrate nicely with their own systems.

Bought a charger already? No worries. We'll install whatever you've ordered.

## The Installation

Chargers are weatherproof so they can go outside. Garage wall, house wall, wherever suits your parking. If we need to run cable from your consumer unit round to the charger, we use heavy duty armoured cable that's designed for outdoor installation.

Install's done in a day, mess is minimal. Your consumer unit needs to be up to current standards, but if you've had solar or battery work done, it will be. You don't need solar to get cheap overnight electricity though - time-of-use tariffs are available to anyone.

## Local, Reliable, Honest

Being minutes away in Prestwich means no travel charges and quick response. Our [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) from 80+ reviews shows we do the job right. We can typically get your charger installed within days of first contact – just like a recent Blackley customer who went from enquiry to installation in less than a week.

## Stop Wasting Money

Every day you use public chargers, you're throwing money away. Home charging pays for itself quickly – then it saves you thousands year after year.

**Get your EV charger fitted properly by a local electrician. [Contact us](/contact/) for a straightforward quote.**

Commit message:

Add electrician vs salesperson differentiator across service pages
Update service pages to consistently highlight that a qualified electrician
surveys properties and designs systems - not a salesperson. This is a key
differentiator that addresses customer concerns about pushy sales tactics
and technically uninformed recommendations.

Pages updated:
- Root service pages (solar, commercial solar, EV chargers, batteries)
- All solar location pages (15 locations)
- All EV charger location pages (12 locations)

The messaging emphasises:
- Honest, technically informed advice
- Proper NAPIT guideline adherence
- No dangerous recommendations (e.g. batteries in lofts)
- Direct contact with qualified electricians throughout

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/crumpsall.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations in Crumpsall by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging integration with solar panels and home batteries.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-crumpsall/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall
tags: [crumpsall]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
# Review reference from src/_data/reviews.json
# Review at index [18] - M9 customer on quick turnaround
---

# EV Charger Installations in Crumpsall

Need an EV charger in Crumpsall? We're Renegade Solar, led by Ashley, based in nearby Prestwich. NAPIT-registered and an Octopus Energy Trusted Partner, we'll get your home charging sorted – without the hassle.

## Cut Your Transport Costs by 85%

Public charging costs 30-60p per kWh. Home charging on Octopus Go? Just 7.5p overnight. Your daily Manchester commute drops from over £10 to under £2. That's £1,500-2,000 saved annually for typical Crumpsall families.

The [government grant](https://www.gov.uk/electric-vehicle-chargepoint-grant-household) gives you up to £350 off installation. We're OZEV-approved and we'll handle all the paperwork.

## Crumpsall Properties Sorted

Semi-detached with a drive? Perfect for a standard wall-mounted charger. Victorian terrace near the hospital? We've installed chargers using rear access, cable runs to front parking – whatever works. Bungalow with side parking? Easy installation with minimal disruption.

## Why 7kW Matters

Granny chargers that plug into a regular socket? Useless for taking advantage of cheap overnight rates - they're too slow and take all day. You end up charging during expensive daytime electricity. A proper 7kW wall charger gets your car done overnight when rates are dirt cheap.

Crumpsall's got good access to Manchester's motorways (M60, M62), so rapid chargers for long trips are around. But for everyday driving, home charging at 7.5p per kWh on Octopus Go beats paying 30-60p at public chargers. With the 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel cars coming, we're all heading electric anyway.

## What We Fit

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we install their full [range of EV chargers](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). Smart chargers that wait for cheap rates before charging your car. You plug in when you get home, the charger handles the rest. On Octopus Go that's 7.5p per kWh overnight.

Got **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar or battery kit? We fit their chargers too - they integrate nicely with their own systems.

Bought a charger already? No worries. We'll install whatever you've ordered.

## The Installation

Chargers are weatherproof so they can go outside. Garage wall, house wall, wherever suits your parking. If we need to run cable from your consumer unit round to the charger, we use heavy duty armoured cable that's designed for outdoor installation.

Install's done in a day, mess is minimal. Your consumer unit needs to be up to current standards, but if you've had solar or battery work done, it will be. You don't need solar to get cheap overnight electricity though - time-of-use tariffs are available to anyone.

## Local, Reliable, Honest

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician assesses your property - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

Being minutes away in Prestwich means no travel charges and quick response. Our [9.61/10 Checkatrade rating](https://www.checkatrade.com/trades/renegadeelectrical/) from 80+ reviews shows we do the job right. We can typically get your charger installed within days of first contact – just like a recent Blackley customer who went from enquiry to installation in less than a week.

## Stop Wasting Money

Every day you use public chargers, you're throwing money away. Home charging pays for itself quickly – then it saves you thousands year after year.

**Get your EV charger fitted properly by a local electrician. [Contact us](/contact/) for a straightforward quote.**
