src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/middleton.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Middleton | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Middleton by local NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service with excellent customer reviews.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-middleton/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Middleton
tags: [middleton]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Serving Middleton with professional EV charger installations for electric cars. Based nearby in Prestwich, we're perfectly positioned to provide fast, reliable service throughout the M24 area.

## Proven Track Record in Middleton

We've completed numerous successful EV charger installations throughout Middleton, earning excellent customer reviews for our professional approach and competitive pricing.

## Electric Cars and the 2030 Ban

Petrol and diesel cars are on their way out - government's set 2030 as the cut-off for new ones. Middleton's well connected to Manchester's motorways (M60, M62), which means rapid chargers for longer journeys aren't difficult to find. But for regular driving around town, home charging is where the savings are.

A 7kW charger gets your car fully charged overnight when electricity is cheapest - 7.5p per kWh on something like Octopus Go. Public chargers? 30-60p per kWh. That adds up fast if you're charging regularly.

Granny chargers that plug into normal sockets are too slow - they take all day, which means you miss the cheap overnight window and end up paying daytime rates.

## What We Install

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we fit the full [Octopus charger range](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). Smart chargers that automatically charge when rates are lowest. You just plug in, they handle when to actually charge.

If you've got **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar panels or batteries, we install their chargers too. They integrate with their own kit.

Already bought a charger? That's fine. Order what you want and we'll install it.

## Quick Install Process

Chargers are weatherproof so they can go wherever makes sense - outside wall, garage, wherever you park. We run heavy duty armoured cable from your consumer unit to the charger if it needs to go outside.

Install's done in a day, minimal mess. Your consumer unit needs to be up to spec, but if you've got solar or battery already fitted, it will be. You don't need solar to get cheap overnight rates though - anyone can sign up for a time-of-use tariff.

## What Middleton Customers Say

> "Ashley fitted me a car charger great price, really professional job would highly recommend"

> "Ashley was very professional on time, great price and excellent work would recommend"

> "Excellent work, on time and did what he said was needed. Wouldn't go with anyone else. Top work"

> "Ash is a great person to deal with reliable good communication, friendly and good workmanship, wouldn't hesitate to recommend him"

## Comprehensive EV Charging Solutions

- Standard 7kW and fast 22kW chargers available
- Smart chargers with app control and monitoring
- Integration with solar panels and home batteries
- OZEV grant-approved installations
- Full electrical certification provided

## Local Knowledge Advantage

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician assesses your property - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

Our extensive experience in Middleton means we understand the area's electrical infrastructure and can quickly identify the best charging solution for your property type and requirements.

**Get your free EV charger quote today. [Contact us](/contact/) to discuss your home charging needs.**

Commit message:

Vary electrician vs salesperson messaging and remove unused redirects
- Diversify the "electrician not salesperson" messaging across all location
  pages so it doesn't sound templated. Each page now has unique phrasing.
- Integrate the messaging into existing paragraphs where appropriate rather
  than always as standalone paragraphs
- Remove redirect_from entries from new Hale/Hale Barns pages since they're
  new pages without old URLs to redirect

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/middleton.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Middleton | Renegade Solar
description: Expert EV charger installations in Middleton by local NAPIT-registered electrician. Professional service with excellent customer reviews.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-middleton/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Middleton
tags: [middleton]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Serving Middleton with professional EV charger installations for electric cars. Based nearby in Prestwich, we're perfectly positioned to provide fast, reliable service throughout the M24 area.

## Proven Track Record in Middleton

We've completed numerous successful EV charger installations throughout Middleton, earning excellent customer reviews for our professional approach and competitive pricing.

## Electric Cars and the 2030 Ban

Petrol and diesel cars are on their way out - government's set 2030 as the cut-off for new ones. Middleton's well connected to Manchester's motorways (M60, M62), which means rapid chargers for longer journeys aren't difficult to find. But for regular driving around town, home charging is where the savings are.

A 7kW charger gets your car fully charged overnight when electricity is cheapest - 7.5p per kWh on something like Octopus Go. Public chargers? 30-60p per kWh. That adds up fast if you're charging regularly.

Granny chargers that plug into normal sockets are too slow - they take all day, which means you miss the cheap overnight window and end up paying daytime rates.

## What We Install

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, so we fit the full [Octopus charger range](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). Smart chargers that automatically charge when rates are lowest. You just plug in, they handle when to actually charge.

If you've got **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar panels or batteries, we install their chargers too. They integrate with their own kit.

Already bought a charger? That's fine. Order what you want and we'll install it.

## Quick Install Process

Chargers are weatherproof so they can go wherever makes sense - outside wall, garage, wherever you park. We run heavy duty armoured cable from your consumer unit to the charger if it needs to go outside.

Install's done in a day, minimal mess. Your consumer unit needs to be up to spec, but if you've got solar or battery already fitted, it will be. You don't need solar to get cheap overnight rates though - anyone can sign up for a time-of-use tariff.

## What Middleton Customers Say

> "Ashley fitted me a car charger great price, really professional job would highly recommend"

> "Ashley was very professional on time, great price and excellent work would recommend"

> "Excellent work, on time and did what he said was needed. Wouldn't go with anyone else. Top work"

> "Ash is a great person to deal with reliable good communication, friendly and good workmanship, wouldn't hesitate to recommend him"

## Comprehensive EV Charging Solutions

- Standard 7kW and fast 22kW chargers available
- Smart chargers with app control and monitoring
- Integration with solar panels and home batteries
- OZEV grant-approved installations
- Full electrical certification provided

## Local Knowledge Advantage

The person assessing your property is the same electrician who'll do the installation - Ashley. No middlemen, no salespeople pushing premium options you don't need. Our extensive experience in Middleton means we understand the area's electrical infrastructure and can quickly identify the best charging solution for your property type and requirements.

**Get your free EV charger quote today. [Contact us](/contact/) to discuss your home charging needs.**
