src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/trafford.md, before:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Trafford | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations throughout Trafford by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging with solar integration available.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-trafford/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Trafford
tags: [trafford]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Expert EV charger installations throughout Trafford. NAPIT-registered service providing smart charging solutions for electric cars with renewable energy integration capabilities.

## Trafford EV Charging Service

We serve the entire Trafford area with professional EV charger installations, from Altrincham to Sale and beyond. Our expertise covers all property types and electrical configurations.

## Cost Comparison

Public chargers cost 30-60p per kWh. Get on a time-of-use tariff like Octopus Go and you're paying 7.5p overnight at home. That's a massive difference for anyone doing regular driving. Manchester's motorway network (M60, M56, M6) means rapid chargers aren't hard to find for long trips, but daily charging at home is way cheaper.

With the 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel cars approaching, more people are making the switch. A 7kW home charger gets your car charged overnight during the cheap window. Granny chargers that plug into regular sockets? They take all day, so you end up charging during expensive daytime rates.

## What We Fit

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, installing their full [EV charger range](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). These smart chargers wait for cheap rates before charging - you plug in, they sort the timing. On Octopus Go that's 7.5p per kWh overnight.

If you're running **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar or battery systems, we fit their chargers too. They integrate with their own equipment nicely.

Bought a different charger already? No problem. We'll install whatever you've ordered.

## The Install

Chargers are weatherproof units that can go wherever suits your parking - garage wall, house wall, outside. Cable runs from your consumer unit to the charger. If that means going outside, we use heavy duty armoured cable built for it.

Jobs get done in a day, mess is kept minimal. Your consumer unit needs to meet current standards - if you've had solar or battery work done, it'll be fine. Even without solar, you can get a time-of-use tariff for cheap overnight car charging.

## Professional Excellence

> "Ashley was very knowledgeable polite and helpful. his workmanship was second to none i would definitely recommend him. excellent work."

> "Ashley fitted an EV charger for me and provided lots of brilliant advice prior to doing so... His advice even allowed me to keep costs down and his prices were the best quotes I had."

## Comprehensive Installation

When you enquire with us, a qualified electrician assesses your property - not a salesperson. This means you get honest, technically informed advice from someone who understands the work involved.

- Detailed electrical system assessment
- OZEV grant-approved charging units
- Smart chargers with mobile app control
- Complete NAPIT certification
- Solar panel and battery integration

## Trafford Area Coverage

Our established presence serving Greater Manchester means reliable, professional service throughout Trafford with competitive pricing and ongoing support.

**Ready for home EV charging? [Contact us](/contact/) for your free consultation and competitive quote.**

Commit message:

Vary electrician vs salesperson messaging and remove unused redirects
- Diversify the "electrician not salesperson" messaging across all location
  pages so it doesn't sound templated. Each page now has unique phrasing.
- Integrate the messaging into existing paragraphs where appropriate rather
  than always as standalone paragraphs
- Remove redirect_from entries from new Hale/Hale Barns pages since they're
  new pages without old URLs to redirect

https://claude.ai/code/session_01V86Mq5crQoSJYvgu9ppY1g

src/services/electric-vehicle-charger-installations/trafford.md, after:

---
title: EV Charger Installations in Trafford | Renegade Solar
description: Professional EV charger installations throughout Trafford by NAPIT-registered electrician. Smart charging with solar integration available.
redirect_from:
  - /ev-charger-installer-trafford/
link_title: EV Charger Installs
heading: EV Charger Installations in Trafford
tags: [trafford]
icon: /assets/icons/car.svg
gallery_tags: [electric-vehicle]
---

Expert EV charger installations throughout Trafford. NAPIT-registered service providing smart charging solutions for electric cars with renewable energy integration capabilities.

## Trafford EV Charging Service

We serve the entire Trafford area with professional EV charger installations, from Altrincham to Sale and beyond. Our expertise covers all property types and electrical configurations.

## Cost Comparison

Public chargers cost 30-60p per kWh. Get on a time-of-use tariff like Octopus Go and you're paying 7.5p overnight at home. That's a massive difference for anyone doing regular driving. Manchester's motorway network (M60, M56, M6) means rapid chargers aren't hard to find for long trips, but daily charging at home is way cheaper.

With the 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel cars approaching, more people are making the switch. A 7kW home charger gets your car charged overnight during the cheap window. Granny chargers that plug into regular sockets? They take all day, so you end up charging during expensive daytime rates.

## What We Fit

We're an **Octopus Energy Trusted Partner**, installing their full [EV charger range](https://octopus.energy/get-an-ev-charger/). These smart chargers wait for cheap rates before charging - you plug in, they sort the timing. On Octopus Go that's 7.5p per kWh overnight.

If you're running **Solax** or **AlphaESS** solar or battery systems, we fit their chargers too. They integrate with their own equipment nicely.

Bought a different charger already? No problem. We'll install whatever you've ordered.

## The Install

Chargers are weatherproof units that can go wherever suits your parking - garage wall, house wall, outside. Cable runs from your consumer unit to the charger. If that means going outside, we use heavy duty armoured cable built for it.

Jobs get done in a day, mess is kept minimal. Your consumer unit needs to meet current standards - if you've had solar or battery work done, it'll be fine. Even without solar, you can get a time-of-use tariff for cheap overnight car charging.

## Professional Excellence

> "Ashley was very knowledgeable polite and helpful. his workmanship was second to none i would definitely recommend him. excellent work."

> "Ashley fitted an EV charger for me and provided lots of brilliant advice prior to doing so... His advice even allowed me to keep costs down and his prices were the best quotes I had."

## Comprehensive Installation

When you book a survey, Ashley visits personally - you're dealing directly with the electrician who understands what your property needs, not someone reading from a sales script.

- Detailed electrical system assessment
- OZEV grant-approved charging units
- Smart chargers with mobile app control
- Complete NAPIT certification
- Solar panel and battery integration

## Trafford Area Coverage

Our established presence serving Greater Manchester means reliable, professional service throughout Trafford with competitive pricing and ongoing support.

**Ready for home EV charging? [Contact us](/contact/) for your free consultation and competitive quote.**
